When was Edwin James Rothwell born ?
What was the party name of Rothwell ?
What was the nickname of Edwin James Rothwell ?
What was his other career ?
What was Edwin James Rothwell ' s birth date ?
In what body did Rothwell serve ?
What disease was contracted by Rothwell ?
What was the name of the person who married Rothwell ?
What was the name of the person who was responsible for the death of Rothwell ?
Where was Rothwell educated ?
What happened to the business of Rothwell and Hall in 1902 ?
Who came to British Columbia in January 1897 ?
Who did Rothwell pass his examination for ?
Where did Rothwell move to in 1902 ?
Who was Rothwell ' s mother ' s name ?
When did Rothwell come to British Columbia ?
What disease was caused by the infection that caused the death of Rothwell ?
What did Rothwell do in New Westminster in 1902 ?
Who is Derek Ellis ?
Who criticized the DiBella ' s restaurants ?
What is Dibella ' s Old Fashioned Submarines ?
What did DiBella ' s do with the second store in Greece ?
What is the name of DiBella ' s Old Fashioned Submarines ?
What became more prominent at the expense of their grocery items ?
What is the name of DiBella ' s ?
What did Wegmans incorporate into their stores ?
How many stores did DiBella ' s operate in 1998 ?
What happened to locations in Albany ?
What did a Wegmans store have over the original DiBella ' s ?
In which states did DiBella ' s expand ?
What was added in Greece in 1998 ?
Where is DiBella ' s located ?
What is the image of the DiBella ' s sub shop ?
As recently as 1998 , how much of DiBella ' s operations were there ?
What was DiBella ' s originally a business ?
Where did DiBella ' s expand to in 1998 ?
When did DiBella ' s begin expanding out of state ?
What did DiBella ' s become more prominent at the expense of ?
What was the family - owned DiBella ' s ?
What has Derek Ellis suggested that Wegman ' s sub may have done to the original DiBella ' s ?
What is the main theme of DiBella ' s restaurants ?
What was the name of the original DiBella ' s restaurant ?
What did Wegmans do to their stores ?
Who owns DiBella ' s ?
What is a restaurant called ?
In what part of Rochester is DiBella ' s located ?
Where is DiBella ' s located ?
What happened in the late 2000s ?
When did DiBella ' s begin ?
In what part of Michigan is DiBella ' s located ?
How many papers are there ?
Along with the Democrat and Chronicle , what is the other local newspaper that has voted the " best Sub in Rochester " ?
What is the name of the award given to the Rochester Subs ?
How many years has the " Best Sub in Rochester " been voted " Best Sub in Rochester " ?
What is the bread making process of DiBella ' s based on ?
What is the unique aspect of DiBella ' s bread ?
What is the name of DiBella ' s bread ?
What is DiBella ' s unique ?
What was Dibella ' s ' s first New England store called ?
What is the name of Dibella ' s store in New York City ?
On what date did Dibella ' s expand to New England ?
What is the name of the publication that recorded Melkinthorpe ' s population in 1870 ?
In what district is Melkinthorpe located ?
What is the name of the parish in which Melkinthorpe is located ?
When did Melkinthorpe have a population of 99 ?
What is Clyburn ' s nationality ?
How many colleges did Clyburn attend ?
What was Clyburn named in 2019 ?
In what league is CSKA Moscow ?
What college did Clyburn attend ?
What is Clyburn ' s date of birth ?
Who is William Dalen Clyburn ' s nickname ?
What college did Clyburn attend ?
What was Clyburn ' s career in Germany ?
What is the name of Clyburn ' s jersey ?
Who was Basia ?
What type of music is featured on the live album ?
When was the live album released ?
What type of album was Basia on Broadway ?
What is the Telugu version of Picchi Banti called ?
How many people can play Maram Pitti ?
What is another name for Maram Pitti ?
What is the area where Maram Pitti is played ?
Is Maram Pitti played solo or duo ?
What is used to play Maram Pitti ?
What is used to play Maram Pitti ?
What is the Telugu version of Maram Pitti called ?
What version of dodgeball is Maram Pitti ?
How many people can be in a team of Maram Pitti ?
How did Davis win the Republican nomination for State Senate District 4 ?
What was Davis ' s district in 2014 ?
What was the date of Paul T . Davis ?
What position did Davis hold in the Maine Senate ?
What party is Davis a member of ?
Along with the House of Representatives , what office did Davis serve in ?
What position did Davis hold in the Maine Senate ?
In what position did Davis serve ?
What was Davis ' s previous job ?
Besides the Senate , what other office has Davis served in ?
What did Davis win in June 2014 ?
What was the primary reason for Davis ' win ?
Where did Davis serve in the Maine House of Representatives ?
When did Davis win the Republican nomination for State Senate District 4 ?
What did Davis do before becoming a politician ?
What is Davis ' s profession ?
How long did Davis serve as a state trooper ?
What is the other listed building that is listed at what grade ?
Where are the listed buildings in Allostock found ?
How many buildings in the civil parish of Allostock ?
What grade is Hulme Hall listed at ?
What is the status of the buildings that are in the parish of Allostock ?
What is the main use of the buildings in Allostock ?
What is the architectural style of the buildings in the parish ?
How is the road from Allostock to Hulme Hall ?
What is the status of Allostock ?
How far is Lancing from Brighton ?
What is the name of the railway station in Lancing ?
What is the direction of Lancing ?
How far is Lancing from Brighton ?
What is the name of the harbour on platform 1 of the station ?
Which platform is used for trains to Worthing , Portsmouth Harbour and Southampton ?
Which platform is used for trains to Brighton and London Victoria ?
What is the name of the train service that runs between Brighton and Worthing ?
Where are the self - service ticket machines located ?
How many ticket offices are on Platform 2 ?
What type of ticket machines are located outside the front of the main station building ?
On what platform is the ticket office located ?
On what platform is the self - service ticket machine located ?
How many self - service ticket machines are there at the station ?
What is the name of the station that has 1 ticket office ?
How many self - service ticket machines are on the front of the main station building ?
Who carries out the ticket checks at the exits from the platforms ?
Along with Southern Railway staff , who carry out the ticket checks at the station ?
What is the time of the day the ticket barriers are in operation ?
What is carried out at the exits from the platforms ?
What is in operation at this station ?
What is the common name for Aglaia polyneura ?
What family is Aglaia polyneura in ?
What is the name of the plant in the family Meliaceae ?
Who is Cathy Dennis ?
What was " Everybody Move " ?
What genre of singer is Cathy Dennis ?
What was the title of the 1991 hit single by Cathy Dennis ?
What type of dance was the single " Everybody Move " ?
What was Steve Peters ' s date of birth ?
How many books has Steve Peters written ?
What is the title of Steve Peters ' book ?
What kind of books did Steve Peters publish in 2018 ?
What is the title of his book ?
What is Steve Peters ' profession ?
What kind of sport does Steve Peters work in ?
What is the title of Steve Peters ' 2012 book ?
What is Steve Peters best known for working with ?
What is Steve Peters ' reputation for British Cycling ?
What is the Russian name for The Metochion ?
What is the Arabic name for the Metochion ?
What is the Russian name for The Metochion ?
What happened to the Monastery of the Holy Trinity ?
What happens to the property of the Metochion ?
What is the Arabic term for the Metochion ?
Where is the " Oak of Abraham " located ?
What is the Metochion ?
How far is the location of the Metochion from Mamre ?
What is the Oak of Abraham venerated for ?
Who took over the Monastery of the Holy Trinity ?
What happened to the land that the Metochion was originally built on ?
What is the name of the oak that is located at the Metochion ?
Where is the Metochion located ?
What is the significance of the Oak of Abraham ?
What is Antonin ' s title ?
When did the oak of Abraham become venerated ?
Who described the oak of Abraham ?
When did Constantine the Great build a basilica ?
When was the Metochion Monastery founded ?
When did the tradition of the Oak of Abraham begin ?
When did the tradition of the Oak of Abraham begin to appear ?
What is the Metochion ?
What is the name of the trinity that is located at the Metochion ?
Who built the basilica at the site of the oak of Mamre ?
What was the site of the Metochion founded on ?
What is the Danish name for Our Lady ' s Priory ?
What is the Danish name for the Church of Our Lady ?
What type of foundation was the Priory ?
What is the area outside of which city ?
What part of Aarhus is the Church of Our Lady now located in ?
What is Justin James Hayward - Young ' s nickname ?
What is The Vaccines ?
What is the name of the band Justin Young is in ?
What is Justin Young ' s occupation ?
What is Justin Young ' s nickname ?
What position does Justin Young hold in The Vaccines ?
What type of band was Static Taxi ?
What was Bob Stinson ' s previous job ?
Why were the members of Static Taxi so good at being taxi drivers ?
How many members of Static Taxi worked as taxi drivers ?
What did the band members of Static Taxi work part - time as ?
What was the name of Static Taxi ' s taxi drivers ?
What happened to Bob Stinson after the band Static Taxi ?
When was Static Taxi formed ?
What was the real name of the real person who was in Static Taxi ?
What did Static Taxi do to make it a quartet ?
What did Stinson do after leaving Static Taxi ?
Where was Static Taxi ' s headquarters ?
Who was the other member of Static Taxi ?
Where did the owner of the grain elevator keep the boxcars ?
Where was the headquarters of Static Taxi located ?
Who did Stinson and Static Taxi have ?
What type of songs did Stinson play ?
What type of songs did Stinson play with Static Taxi ?
Who sang the lead on the song " Hillbilly ' s Lament " ?
Who was Stinson ' s bandmate in Static Taxi ?
How did Static Taxi handle the touring ?
Where was Static Taxi ' s headquarters ?
What type of songs did Stinson play in Static Taxi ?
What type of songs did Static Taxi have a large catalog of ?
How long after leaving the Replacements did Stinson join Static Taxi ?
Who did Static Taxi rent out their space to ?
Where was Static Taxi based ?
What did the owner of the grain elevator use to move the band to ?
Where was the headquarters of Static Taxi located ?
What did Hillbilly sing on the Static Taxi song " Hillbilly ' s ?
What had Stinson been doing with Riegstad and Reipas prior to joining Static Taxi ?
Who was the grain elevator home to ?
What did Static Taxi have ?
When had Stinson been jamming with Riegstad and Reipas ?
Who did Static Taxi entertain in 1990 ?
Where were Static Taxi ' s live shows held ?
What label did the Replacements have ?
What did Static Taxi do with their own equipment ?
What equipment did Static Taxi use to record their music ?
What event did Static Taxi play at in 1990 ?
Why did the Replacements refuse to sign Static Taxi ?
Why did the label refuse to sign Static Taxi ?
Who brought some demo tapes to the Replacements ?
Where can you find a video of Static Taxi ' s shows ?
What did Static Taxi primarily play ?
What type of venue did Static Taxi play in 1989 ?
What did Static Taxi perform in 1989 ?
How much material did Static Taxi record ?
What was the attendance at the 1989 show ?
What did Stinson bring to the Replacements ?
How far did Static Taxi go to Las Vegas in 1989 ?
What was the first time Static Taxi entertained employees of a local Twin Cities restaurant ?
What was the first time Static Taxi played in Las Vegas ?
What happened to the band members after the break up ?
What happened to the band in 1991 ?
Who formed the band Stepchild ?
What happened to Stinson in 1995 ?
What band did Ray Reigstad form ?
When was Closer2Normal released ?
What record label released Stinson Blvd ?
How many albums have been released from the band ' s recordings ?
What was the name of the 2000 album ?
What label released Stinson Blvd ?
How were the two albums released ?
What was the name of the album that the band released in 2003 ?
Who is Chuck Espy ' s great - grandson ?
What was Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . ' s nickname ?
What was Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . ' s career ?
When was Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . alive ?
What was Henry Espy ' s nickname ?
What was the Secretary of Agriculture ' s job title ?
S . Secretary of Agriculture Mike Espy was a grandson of Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . ?
How many funeral homes did Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . own ?
What was the date of Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . ' s birth ?
What business did Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . own ?
Along with being an entrepreneur , what was Huddleston Sr . ' s other career ?
Who is Chuck Espy ' s great - grandson ?
Where was Thomas Jefferson Huddleston Sr . born ?
What is the relationship between the Chicago and Mississippi branches of the Finney family ?
What was Leon Finney Sr . ' s business ?
What is the name of the son of Leon Finney ?
What is the name of the son of Leon Finney ?
What was Leon Finney Jr . ' s career ?
What is the name of Leon Finney Jr . ' s company ?
Which branch of the family retain political ties ?
What position does Leon Finney Jr . hold in the Woodlawn Organization ?
When did Leon Finney Sr . die ?
When was Leon Finney Jr . born ?
What is the Multicultural List ?
What is the Norwegian term for the Multicultural List ?
What is the name of the Norwegian immigrant political party ?
When was Charles Davies MD born ?
What was Davies a member of ?
What was the name of the doctor who was Davies ?
What was the date of Robert White ' s death ?
What league was Robert White in ?
What was Robert White ' s career ?
What was the name of the player who played with Carlton ?
What was the color of Robert White ?
What was the team that Xue Ming was part of at the 2005 Asian Championship ?
When was Xue Ming born ?
What is Xue Ming ?
What was the Asian Championship held ?
What is the pinyin of Xue Ming ?
What is the Chinese pronunciation of Xue Ming ?
What was ' Forty Thieves ' ?
What was the last time Harry Sherman produced a Hopalong Cassidy film ?
Who produced the last Hopalong Cassidy film for United Artists ?
What was the title of the film ?
What was the nickname of Hopalong Cassidy ?
Who released the film ?
Who directed the film Forty Thieves ?
What role did William Boyd play in the film Hopalong Cassidy ?
What is the title of the movie Hopalong Cassidy starred in ?
What kind of promotion is the ILFJ ?
How were the events broadcast ?
Who did the ILFJ have agreements with ?
What was the first year the ILFJ was in existence ?
What is the date of Belgherbi ' s birth ?
What team has Belgherbi played for ?
What is the nickname of Mohamed Belgherbi ?
What is Belgherbi ' s profession ?
How many square miles is Voltago Agordino ?
When did Voltago Agordino have a population of 973 ?
What is the area of Voltago Agordino ?
What is the name of the village in the Province of Belluno ?
How far is Venice from Voltago Agordino ?
How far is Voltago Agordino from Belluno ?
What is the Italian name for Voltago Agordino ?
What is the other municipality that Voltago Agordino borders ?
How far is Voltago Agordino from Belluno ?
How far is Voltago Agordino from Venice ?
In what region of Italy is Voltago Agordino located ?
In what direction is Voltago Agordino located ?
What municipalities does Voltago Agordino border ?
What type of dam is the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
How large is the reservoir of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
How large is the reservoir of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
What dam is downstream of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
How much electricity would the Diamer - Bhasha Dam produce when completed ?
What would the Diamer - Bhasha Dam do if high floods occurred ?
How much water would the Diamer - Bhasha dam store ?
What is the name of the location where the Diamer - Bhasha Dam is located ?
What type of dam is the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
What river would the Diamer - Bhasha Dam help control during high floods ?
What is the territory of Pakistan ?
What is the name of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
What dam is downstream of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
What is the name of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
What river is the Diamer - Bhasha Dam on ?
How far is the nearest town to the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
What is near Bhasha ?
When will the Diamer - Bhasha Dam produce 4800 megawatts of electricity ?
Where is the Diamer - Bhasha Dam located ?
Who laid the foundation stone for the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
In what stage of construction is the Diamer - Bhasha Dam currently in construction ?
What is the main function of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
What is the location of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam located near ?
What is the maximum height of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
In what district is the Diamer - Bhasha Dam located ?
In what province is Kohistan district located ?
During what type of flooding would the Diamer - Bhasha Dam help prevent damage ?
In what area of Pakistan is the Diamer - Bhasha Dam located ?
What was laid by the Prime Minister of Pakistan in 1998 ?
How many cubic kilometers of water would the Diamer - Bhasha dam store ?
What town is downstream of the Diamer - Bhasha Dam ?
How long would the Diamer - Bhasha Dam have to last to be completed ?
What district is in Gilgit Baltistan ?
How much water will the Bhasha dam hold ?
How much water will the Bhasha dam hold ?
How many powerhouses are being proposed ?
Who said that Bhasha dam is no substitute for Kalabagh dam ?
What is the live storage of the Bhasha dam ?
What is the planned height of the Bhasha dam ?
What is the gross capacity of the reservoir ?
What is the total installed capacity of the powerhouses ?
What is the only way to sideline Kalabagh Dam ?
What does Anwer Khurshid say was not a substitute for ?
What is the Basha Dam a substitute for ?
What is the projected capacity of the reservoir ?
What part of the dam is being proposed for powerhouses ?
What is not a substitute for Kalabagh dam ?
How big are the gates in the Bhasha dam ?
How many turbines will be on each side of the powerhouse ?
What is the purpose of the reservoir ?
What river can no canals be taken out from Kalabagh Dam ?
Why can ' t irrigation canals be taken out of the Bhasha dam ?
Why is the altitude of Bhasha dam not a substitute for Kalabagh dam ?
How many gates are planned to be in the Bhasha dam spillway ?
What is the total installed capacity of the powerhouses ?
What can be taken out from the Bhasha dam ?
What type of dam is the Pakistan ' s construction project ?
How large is the reservoir in the Pakistan - China joint venture ?
Who signed the contract for the construction of the Pakistan Dam ?
What does FWO stand for ?
How much money did the Pakistani government spend on the construction of the Pakistan - China dam ?
When did Pakistan sign a contract for the construction of the Pakistan - China dam ?
What is the height of the dam ?
What type of company is China Power and Frontier Works Organisation ?
What company is in charge of the construction of the Pakistan - built dam ?
What was the year of the Horse ?
What is different about the live album ?
What was released in 1997 ?
Who was Neil Young ' s tour with Crazy Horse ?
Who was the director of the film ?
What is the film called ?
What year did Neil Young and Crazy Horse go on ?
What band did Neil Young and Crazy Horse follow on their 1996 tour ?
What historic district is the Hansen ' s Annex in ?
What type of buildings are Hansen ' s Annex ?
In what part of the town is the Hansen ' s Annex located ?
What is Hansen ' s Annex a part of ?
What is Hansen ' s Annex ?
How many Greek Revival buildings survive in Center Sandwich ?
What has the Hansen ' s Annex done for the community ?
What is the name of the building that contains Hansen ' s Annex ?
What register was the Hansen ' s Annex listed on ?
On what street is Hansen ' s Annex located ?
What was the original purpose of Hansen ' s Annex ?
What was the main use of Hansen ' s Annex ?
Where is Morzewko located ?
In what part of Poland is Morzewko located ?
What is the Warmian - Masurian Voivodeship ?
What is the name of the settlement in which Morzewko is located ?
What is the German name for Morzewko ?
What district is Morzewko in ?
What was Zipperface ?
Who starred in the film ?
Who directed the film ?
Who is the main character in the film ?
What is the main character of the film ?
Who wrote the script for the film ?
What was the purpose of the film ?
What is Drenge ?
Who is Rory ' s brother ?
How many albums have Drenge released ?
What is the name of the song Drenge ?
Who is the lead singer of Drenge ?
What is the band name of Drenge ?
What is the relationship between Eoin and Rory Loveless ?
What was Sir John Hurt ' s career ?
What was John Hurt ' s nickname ?
What was Sir John Hurt ' s life span ?
What was Sir John Hurt ' s career ?
How many films did John Hurt appear in ?
What other type of roles did John Hurt have ?
What is August Eighth about ?
What kind of film is August Eighth ?
What is the English translation of August Eighth ?
What is the Russian title of August Eighth ?
Who directed the film August Eighth ?
What is the English version of the Russian film ?
When did Boris Grigoryevich Fyodorov die ?
What was the Russian name for Fyodorov ?
Where did Boris Grigoryevich Fyodorov receive his doctor of economics degree ?
When was Boris Grigoryevich Fyodorov born ?
What position did Fyodorov hold in Russia in 1998 ?
What was Boris Fyodorov ' s full name ?
What bank did Fyodorov work for in 1992 ?
What position did Fyodorov hold in 1998 ?
What body was Fyodorov a member of between 1994 and 1998 ?
What position did Fyodorov hold in Russia from 1993 to 1994 ?
What bank did Fyodorov work for ?
What degree did Fyodorov receive ?
How many publications did Fyodorov author ?
What is Boris Grigoryevich Fyodorov ' s maiden name ?
What was Boris Fyodorov ' s occupation ?
What did Fyodorov do in 1992 at the World Bank ?
What did Fyodorov and Ryan do in 1994 ?
What company did Fyodorov work for ?
What was one of the boards that Fyodorov was a member of ?
What was Charles Ryan ' s occupation ?
What type of business was United Financial Group UFG ?
What was Fyodorov ' s role in UFG Private Equity ?
What was the name of the bank that UFG was sold to ?
What is the Russian word for a partner in a business ?
When did Fyodorov die ?
What happened to Fyodorov ?
What was Tessa Margaret Niles ' s birth date ?
What is the name of the song that Niles sang ?
What did Niles begin in 1979 ?
What type of artists is Niles known for backing ?
What is Tessa Margaret Niles ' s maiden name ?
What is Tessa ' s career ?
What type of artists is Niles known for backing ?
What is Tessa ' s career as a backing singer ?
What is Niles ' s career as ?
Where is the Hula painted frog endemic to ?
What is the only living member of the genus Latonia ?
What is the only thing about the Hula painted frog ?
What is the name of the Hula painted frog ?
What was the Hula painted frog thought to be extinct ?
What is the Hula painted frog the only living member of ?
What other species was thought to have been extinct ?
What other species was believed to have been extinct ?
What is the reason for the reemergence of the Hula frog ?
What has been cited as a possible reason for the reemergence of the frog ?
What happened to the five individuals of the Hula frog ?
How many individuals were found prior to the draining of the lake ?
What is thought to have caused the reemergence of the Hula frog ?
What lake was thought to have caused the extinction of the frog ?
What is the Persian word for ' Saving Iran ' s Great Uprising ' ?
What was the Nojeh coup d ' etat supposed to overthrow ?
What is the Persian name for the Nojeh coup d ' etat ?
What is the Persian word for ' mask ' ?
What is the romanized version of Nojeh coup d ' etat ?
Along with Banisadr , who was in charge of the Iranian government ?
What is another name for the " Saving Iran ' s Great Uprising " ?
What does NEQAB mean ?
What was the Nojeh coup d ' etat called ?
Is the Nojeh coup d ' etat more widely known as ?
Along with Ruhollah Khomeini , who was in the Iranian government ?
What is the Persian word for ' coup d ' etat ' ?
Who was the Buffalo Creek Reservation set aside for ?
What was the Buffalo Creek Reservation ?
What was the name of the land that was set aside for the Seneca Nation ?
How many acres of land was the Buffalo Creek Reservation ?
What war was the Buffalo Creek Reservation set aside for ?
What did the Seneca Nation want to be in ?
What did the Seneca Nation do with the Buffalo Creek Reservation ?
What is the name of the tree that is on the Buffalo Creek Reservation ?
In what county is the Buffalo Creek Reservation located ?
In what part of Erie County is the Buffalo Creek Reservation located ?
How much land was in the Buffalo Creek Reservation ?
How much land was in the Buffalo Creek Reservation ?
When was Samuel Dickerson Rockenbach born ?
What was the father of the U . S . tank corps ?
What was the name of the father of the U . S . Tank Corps ?
What was the rank of Samuel Dickerson Rockenbach ?
What is the geographical area of Wavghar ?
How many acres is Wavghar ?
In what part of India is Wavghar located ?
In what district is Wavghar located ?
What state is Wavghar in ?
What was the population of Wavghar in 2011 ?
What is the main feature of Wavghar ?
What was the population of Wavghar ?
How many people lived in Wavghar in 2011 ?
What is Wavghar ?
What is Yvonne Caples ' s nationality ?
What title did Caples win in 2005 ?
What title did Caples hold in 2002 ?
What title did Caples hold in 2003 ?
What is Yvonne Caples ' date of birth ?
How many times did Caples win the WIBA title ?
What did Caples fight for during her career ?
What is the full name of Yvonne Caples ?
What is the star that Darkover is orbiting ?
How long has the Darkover series been published ?
What is the author of the Darkover series ?
What type of work did Marion Zimmer Bradley produce ?
How many orbiting stars is Darkover ?
What genre of books are the Darkover series ?
What is the name of Darkover ?
What is the only thing that Darkover is ?
What genre of books are the Darkover series ?
What is the name of the series of science fiction - fantasy novels by Marion Zimmer Bradley ?
What is the name of the township in Scott County ?
Which states are in Sand Creek Township ?
In what county is Sand Creek Township located ?
When was the population of Sand Creek Township ?
Who operates the airport ?
What is the name of the airport in Kenema ?
What is the use of the airport ?
What is the airport mostly used for ?
What is the airport ' s status as ?
What is the airport ' s ranking in the country ?
What is the main purpose of Kenema Airport ?
What district is Kenema Airport located in ?
Where does Kenema rank in terms of population ?
What is the name of the airport in Kenema ?
What is the name of the European Parliament for Portugal ?
Which session was the last to have members of the European Parliament for Portugal ?
What is the name of the 2014 European Parliament election in Portugal ?
What was the name of the 2014 European Parliament election in Portugal ?
What would likely be changed in the 2014 European Parliament election ?
What is the main concern of the 2014 European Parliament election ?
Did MadeinTYO have any guest appearances on his debut album ?
When did MadeinTYO ' s debut album debut ?
What is the name of MadeinTYO ' s record label ?
What is the title of the lead single from the album ?
What is Private Club Records ?
What is the title of MadeinTYO ' s 2018 album ?
When was the lead single " Ned Flanders " released ?
Who is MadeinTYO ?
How did MadeinTYO ' s debut album fare on the Billboard charts ?
What chart did MadeinTYO ' s debut album debut on ?
Who is the featured artist on MadeinTYO ' s debut album ?
When was the album released ?
What was MadeinTYO ' s album debut at the Billboard charts ?
What is the main feature on the song " Ned Flanders " ?
Along with 24HRS , Gunna , ASAP Ferg , and Tinashe , what other artist is featured on the album ?
How does MadeinTYO ' s debut album translate to English ?
What was the first single from the album ?
In what year was the placement in the Amphisphaeriaceae uncertain ?
What family is Capsulospora in ?
What was the album Hello Rockview ?
What is the title of Less Than Jake ' s 2006 album ?
What is the band Less than Jake ' s musical style ?
On what label was Less Than Jake ' s sixth album released ?
How did Howard Benson work with Less Than Jake ?
When was Less Than Jake ' s sixth album released ?
What was included in the Absolution for Idiots and Addicts EP ?
How did Less Than Jake get the title " In with the Out Crowd " ?
What was the name of Less Than Jake ' s third album ?
What was the name of the EP that was recorded during the same sessions as the album ?
What genre of music is Less Than Jake ?
When was the album Hello Rockview released ?
What was the season in which the New York Rangers played ?
What was the record of the New York Rangers in the regular season ?
What did the Rangers finish in the NHL playoffs ?
What league were the New York Rangers in ?
In what season did the New York Rangers have a 17 - 38 - 15 record ?
What was the season of the New York Rangers ?
What was the nickname of the New York Rangers ?
What did the Rangers miss in the 1959 - 60 season ?
How did the Rangers finish in last place in the NHL ?
How many points did the New York Rangers have in the regular season ?
What mountain range is Janovice located in ?
How far from Frýdek - Místek is Janovice ?
What region is Janovice located in ?
In what country is Janovice located ?
How many inhabitants live in Janovice ?
In what district is Janovice located ?
What is the area of the Beskids ?
What is the geographical location of Janovice ?
What kind of region is Cieszyn Silesia ?
Where is Janovice located in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia ?
What geographical location makes Janovice " the gate to the Beskids " ?
What is one reason for Janovice to be called " the gate to the Beskids " ?
In what historical region is Janovice located ?
What is the traditional agricultural area of ?
What is the Middle Stewiacke Airport located near ?
What is the name of the abandoned airport near Middle Stewiacke ?
What is Middle Stewiacke Airport ?
What is the TC LID for Middle Stewiacke Airport ?
What is the name of the airport that was located near Middle Stewiacke ?
Where was Middle Stewiacke Airport located ?
When was the airport listed as abandoned ?
What is Perincioli ' s career ?
How long has Perincioli lived in Berlin ?
What is the date of Perincioli ' s birth ?
What is Perincioli ' s other career ?
What is the name of Cristina Perincioli ' s real name ?
What was the 62nd season of the V AFG ?
How many regional divisions did the league have ?
What is the third tier of the Bulgarian football system ?
What is the abbreviation for the third tier of the Bulgarian football league system ?
When did the 2010 - 11 V AFG season begin ?
What group was the champion of each division promoted to ?
When did the season begin ?
How many seasons was the V AFG ?
When did the 2010 - 11 V AFG season end ?
What is the V AFG ?
What was the difference in the number of teams in the regional divisions ?
What does MAISA stand for ?
What does MAISA do ?
What does MAISA represent ?
How many conferences does the Inter - Collegiate Sailing Association have ?
Where do the intercollegiate sailing conferences schedule regattas ?
What do the conferences schedule and do ?
What is the name of the ship that MAISA regulates ?
What is the new name of the new member of MAISA ?
What is the name of the area in which MAISA is located ?
What does MAISA do ?
How many universities make up the conference ?
How many member universities does the conference have ?
What was Michael M . Davis ' s life span ?
What was Davis a major figure in ?
What role did Davis play in health care policy ?
What position did Davis hold on the Committee for the Nation ' s Health ?
What did Davis do with Truman ' s speeches ?
Who created this radio program ?
When did Malatia work for Phoenix New Times ?
What is the name of the radio station Malatia worked for ?
What is the Station Resource Group ?
What is a board member of ?
What position did Malatia hold at Chicago Public Media ?
When was Torey Malatia born ?
What is the Phoenix New Times ?
What is Malatia ' s job title ?
What is Malatia ' s job title ?
What is the name of the group Malatia is a member of ?
What is the name of Malatia ' s column ?
What was Malatia ' s previous job at ?
When did Malatia begin his radio career ?
What is the name of the radio station Malatia worked for ?
What did Malatia and Glass create ?
What position did Malatia receive in 1996 ?
What is Malatia ' s profession ?
Along with being a journalist , what is Malatia ' s other career ?
What is Malatia ' s job title ?
What position did Malatia hold at WBEZ ?
What is the Station Resource Group ?
What was Malatia ' s previous job at WBEZ ?
What disease is Malatia suffering from ?
What was Your Radio Playhouse ' s original name ?
Who created this radio program ?
When did Malatia resign ?
What was the name of the radio program Malatia created in 1995 ?
What was Malatia ' s position at Rhode Island Public Radio in 2016 ?
Who recognizes the records ?
What are the fastest ever performances of swimmers from CAR ?
What is the name of the country in which the records are held ?
What are the records for swimming in CAR ?
What is the abbreviation for the CAR records ?
Where were all records set ?
Where is the Mac - Mac Falls located ?
What river is the Mac - Mac Falls on ?
What is the name of the waterfall on the Mac - Mac River ?
What are the shells of Pitar clams ?
What type of clam is Pitar ?
What type of clams are Pitar ?
What family are Venus clams in ?
How many species of clams are in Pitar ?
How many species of clams ?
What is Luis Bacqué ' s career ?
Where is Luis Bacqué from ?
What is the occupation of Luis Bacqué ?
What is the name of Luis Bacqué ?
What type of music did he produce ?
What award did he win for his album Silencio ?
What is Ernesto Jodos ' s occupation ?
What is the name of the album he produced ?
What album did pianist Ernesto Jodos win the Carlos Gardel Award for Best Jazz Album in 2008 ?
What award did he win for his album " Trio " ?
What album did he produce ?
What award did the album " Trio " win in 2008 ?
What award did he win in September 2017 ?
What type of musicians has he recorded ?
How many albums did he produce ?
What does Domador de Huellas do ?
What award did he win in 2017 ?
What is the name of the album Felix Peikli and Joseph Doubleday released in 2017 ?
When did he win a silver medal for engineering and producing " After you are gone " ?
Who recorded Silencio by ?
What is the name of the song that he produced ?
What is one of the musicians he has recorded ?
What is one of the musicians he has mixed ?
When did Ernesto Jodos win the Carlos Gardel Award for Best Jazz Album ?
What is the Hindi pronunciation of the Darzi ?
What does the word Darzi mean in Hindustani ?
Where in Nepal are a small number of Darzi Muslims found ?
How many Darzi are found in the Terai region of Nepal ?
Where are the Darzi found ?
What is the religious group of the Darzi ?
What is another name for the Idrisi Shaikh ?
What is another name for the Darzi ?
Where are a few Darzi people found in Nepal ?
What is the name of Judas Priest ' s band ?
What did Judas Priest do during the 1982 tour ?
When did Judas Priest begin their 1982 tour ?
When did Judas Priest stop touring ?
What year was the World Vengeance Tour ?
What was the title of the album that Judas Priest supported ?
What was the name of the 1982 tour by Judas Priest ?
What is the name of the species of mite in the family Ologamasidae ?
What family is Gamasellus lativentralis in ?
What age range will the new school have ?
How many students will the new school have ?
Who sponsors Bohunt Horsham ?
What is the name of the school that is located in Horsham ?
What is the name of the school in Horsham ?
What is the name of the school in Horsham ?
How many students will attend Bohunt Horsham in 2019 ?
In what year will Bohunt Horsham open in 2019 ?
What direction is Bohunt Horsham from Horsham ?
What happened in 2019 ?
Where is Bohunt Horsham located ?
What is Bohunt School Horsham funded as ?
Where is the new Bohunt Horsham school currently located ?
What type of school is currently in development in the town of Horsham ?
How many places will the nursery have ?
What is Diplectroninae ?
What type of caddisflies are Diplectroninae a part of ?
What is the name of the larvae of the Diplectroninae ?
For what company did Richards work ?
What revolver did Richards develop ?
What year was Charles Brinckerhoff Richards born ?
What was the nickname given to Charles Brinckerhoff Richards ?
Where did Richards teach ?
What was the American Society of ?
What was the date of Charles Brinckerhoff Richards ' birth ?
What was the name of the society that Richards founded ?
How long did Richards teach at Yale ?
What was Miguel Poventud ' s nickname ?
When did Miguel Poventud die ?
What was Miguel Poventud ' s career ?
Johnny Albino , Héctor Lavoe and Daniel Santos are some of the singers who have interpreted his ?
What is the nickname of Miguel Poventud ?
What is one of the singers who have interpreted Poventud ' s compositions ?
Along with Johnny Albino and Daniel Santos , who is a singer who has interpreted Poventud ' s compositions ?
What is the nickname of Miguel Poventud ?
What was Miguel Poventud ' s birth date ?
When did Miguel Poventud die ?
What is Pien Dicke ' s date of birth ?
What is Pien Dicke ' s career ?
What is the name of the Dutch field hockey player ?
What was the status of Johanna Theresia Lamberg ?
When was the imperial ambassador to Spain married to Johanna Theresia Lamberg ?
What was Johanna Theresia Lamberg ' s occupation ?
What was the name of the countess of Harrach ?
What position did Mariana hold in Spain ?
What was the main concern of the ambassador ?
What was the importance of the proposed marriage between Charles II of Spain and Maria Antonia ?
What was the name of the Spanish court official that Johanna Theresia Lamberg was a favorite of ?
What role did she play in the negotiations between the Spanish and the imperial ambassadors ?
Who was Lamberg married to in 1673 - 76 ?
What was one of the roles that she played in ?
What was the name of the Spanish court official who was involved in the sale of offices ?
How many flower heads are there in the inflorescence ?
How many disc florets are in a head of Erigeron allocotus ?
What is the common name for Erigeron allocotus ?
What else is contained in the ring surrounding the head of Erigeron allocotus ?
How many flower heads does the plant have ?
What family is Erigeron allocotus in ?
Is Erigeron allocotus a tree or a shrub ?
How many ray florets are in a single head ?
Where is the only known location where the Bighorn fleabane has been found ?
What is the range of the Bighorn fleabane ?
What is Erigeron allocotus ?
What is the common name for Bighorn fleabane ?
Where in Wyoming is the Bighorn fleabane found ?
How tall is the tallest plant in the Bighorn Mountains ?
How tall is the tallest plant in the Bighorn Mountains ?
Who was the famous chief and medicine man of the Kuna indigenous tribe ?
What tribe was Nele Kantule Iguibilikinya a member of ?
When was Nele Kantule Iguibilikinya alive ?
What was Nele Kantule Iguibilikinya ' s occupation ?
What was Nele Kantule Iguibilikinya ' s title ?
How many people ?
What is the sales of RUAG Space in 2019 ?
What is RUAG Space a segment of ?
What is another name for RUAG Space ?
What are the two other countries where RUAG Space has sites ?
What is one of the locations in Sweden where RUAG Space is located ?
What is the name of the German site for RUAG Space ?
What is the name of the segment of RUAG ?
What is the end of the year of 2019 ?
How many sites does RUAG Space have ?
What is the name of the Austrian site of RUAG Space ?
How many people does RUAG Space employ ?
Where is the St . Joseph ' s Church and Complex located ?
What countries are listed on the National Register ?
What is the Italian language of the church ?
What list of historic places was St . Joseph ' s Church and Complex added to in 1982 ?
What is St . Joseph ' s Church and Complex considered to be ?
What is St . Joseph ' s Church and Complex ?
What is the date of Wolfgang Frey ?
What is used when citing a botanical name ?
What is Wolfgang Frey ' s profession ?
What is the author abbreviation W . Frey used when citing ?
What is the German name for Frey ?
What was the George W . Eckhart House built ?
When was the Williams Duplex Tenement built ?
What is the Vigilant Engine House built in ?
What is the architectural style of Alfred Paull House ?
What was the William Goering House built in ?
What was the Christian Hess House built in ?
How many contributing buildings are in the North Wheeling Historic District ?
When was the Edward Hazlett House built ?
What is the North Wheeling Historic District ?
What is the name of the historic district in North Wheeling ?
What is the name of the engine house in the district ?
What is the George W . Eckhart House ?
What is the majority of the buildings in the North Wheeling Historic District ?
What types of architectural styles are represented in the North Wheeling Historic District ?
What is the object in the North Wheeling Historic District ?
How many contributing buildings are in the North Wheeling Historic District ?
What is the name of the area in the North Wheeling Historic District ?
What is one of the popular architectural styles represented in the district ?
What is the name of the house in the district that was built in 1858 ?
What is the name of the house in the district that was built in 1891 ?
What is the majority of the buildings in the district ?
What is the listing of the North Wheeling Historic District ?
On what level was the North Wheeling Historic District listed in 1988 ?
Where is " Old Town " located ?
What type of trees are present in the district ?
In what county is the North Wheeling Historic District located ?
What was the boundary increase in 2008 ?
What is the typical size of the buildings in the district ?
When was the Pollack Memorial Monument built ?
When was the Henry K . List House built ?
Along with Greek Revival , Italianate , and Greek Revival , what is a popular architectural style in the district ?
How many blocks is the North Wheeling Historic District ?
What type of retrotransposons are RetrOryza database ?
What is RetrOryza used for ?
What company did Joel Jackson form in 1991 ?
What is the name of the company that Racefab Inc . is a part of ?
What happened in 1991 ?
Who is Racefab ?
What kind of car does Racefab Inc . make ?
What is the name of Off - Road International ?
What is the name of the North American manufacturer of competition automobiles ?
Racefab Inc . manufactures cars for sports car and what type of racing ?
What kind of racing is Off - Road International ?
What is Racefab Inc . ' s design and manufacturer of ?
What kind of racing are Racefab ' s racers for ?
How many racers have Racefab constructed for competition ?
When was Ruby Alice Tandoh born ?
What is the full name of Ruby Alice Tandoh ?
What kind of bake Off did Ruby Alice Tandoh win ?
What is Ruby Alice Tandoh ' s occupation ?
Which series of The Great British Bake Off did Tandoh win ?
What was Tandoh ' s previous career ?
What did Misizla want to do ?
What was a godlike hero ?
What was Misizla ' s profession ?
What was Misizla ' s role in Wendish mythology ?
What year did Misizla die ?
What is the Center for the Study of America and the West ?
When was Jeremy Black born ?
What is the nickname of Jeremy Black ?
What is the title of Black ' s job title at the Center for the Study of America and the West ?
What is the status of Jeremy Black ' s job title ?
What is Jeremy Black ' s academic career ?
What is his nickname ?
What is one of his subjects ?
What area of writing does he write on ?
What is the term for the time period in which historians write about the British Isles ?
How many books has he written ?
What is Maxim Ignatovich ?
When was Maxim Ignatovich born ?
What is the name of the league in which Maxim Ignatovich plays ?
What is Maxim Ignatovich ' s real name ?
What is Maxim ' s nickname ?
What is the abbreviation for Maxim Ignatovich ?
What is Maxim Ignatovich ' s current position with Amur Khabarovsk ?
Who is Maxim Ignatovich playing with ?
In what season did Ignatovich make his KHL debut ?
With what team did Ignatovich play in the 2009 - 10 season ?
What was Ignatovich ' s first professional game ?
What was his first KHL appearance ?
How many games did Ignatovich appear in with Sibir Novosibirsk ?
Who was the sixth baronet ?
When was the Nelthorpe baronetcy created ?
What happened to the last baronet ?
What position was held by the fifth baronet ?
Who was High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1800 ?
Which baronet was High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1741 ?
Who was High Sheriff of Lincolnshire in 1842 ?
What title was created for John Nelthorpe ?
What was the pronunciation of the title of the Nelthorpe baronetcy ?
Where was the Nelthorpe baronetcy located in the City of London ?
What was the purpose of the family ?
What was the family seat of the Scawby family ?
What is the population of Middelfart ?
What is the Danish name for Funen ?
What is Middelfart ' s role in the municipality ?
In what part of Denmark is Middelfart located ?
What municipality is Middelfart the municipal seat of ?
What type of procedure did Richard Lee help pioneer ?
What type of approach did Richard Lee use to create the Hybrid Maze ?
What is the name of the procedure Richard Lee pioneered ?
What did Richard Lee do with the Hybrid Maze ?
What is one way to perform the Hybrid Maze ?
What is Richard Lee ' s profession ?
What is AFIB ?
Where is the Center for Comprehensive Cardiovascular Care located ?
Where was he a vice chair of surgery ?
What type of care did he co - director of ?
What was his position at Saint Louis University ?
Which metropolitan area is the Columbia County portion of Columbus in ?
How much of the city is located in Elba ?
What is the area of the city located in ?
Which part of the city is within the Madison metropolitan area ?
Which part of the city is within the Madison metropolitan area ?
What is the name of the county in which Columbus is located ?
Where is most of the city of Columbus located ?
What county is Columbus located in ?
What is the major difference between the county and city of Columbus ?
What is the abbreviation for the city of Columbus ?
What river is located in Columbus ?
How far is Columbus from Madison ?
How far is Columbus from Madison ?
When was the population of Columbus ?
What happened in the Columbia County portion of Columbus ?
In what part of Wisconsin is Columbus located ?
What was the date of Jeannie Margaret Ferris ' s death ?
What was the name of the song that was written about Jeannie Margaret Ferris ?
Where was Jeannie Margaret Ferris from ?
What was Jeannie Margaret Ferris ' s maiden name ?
What was the political affiliation of Jeannie Margaret Ferris ?
What was Jeannie Margaret Ferris ' s career ?
On what side did the commanders of the units fight in the First Battle of Bull Run ?
How is the Confederate order of battle shown ?
Who fought in the First Battle of Bull Run on the Union side ?
What units fought in the First Battle of Bull Run ?
What was the name of the First Battle of Bull Run ?
What was the source of the order of battle compiled from ?
What was the first battle of Bull Run ?
How was the order of battle compiled ?
What is the name of the Confederate order of battle ?
Where did Nolan go to ?
What is Tweety Nolan ' s profession ?
What team does Nolan play for ?
What is the date of Nolan ' s birth ?
What league is UMMC Ekaterinburg in ?
What position does Nolan occasionally play ?
What did Nolan take Flint Northern High School to champs ?
What is Nolan ' s primary position ?
What position is Nolan ' s primary ?
What is the Russian name for Tweety Nolan ?
Where does Nolan play ?
What did Nolan go to Flint Northern High School to win ?
What team does Nolan play for ?
What was Deana Nolan ' s first name ?
What else does Nolan play the point guard position ?
What happened to Deanna Nicole Nolan in 2000 ?
What was Tweety Nolan ' s original name ?
What is the name of the metropolitan area that Parkersburg is part of ?
What is the name of the river that forms the city of Parkersburg ?
How far is Parkersburg from Marietta ?
What county is Parkersburg in ?
What type of trees are in Parkersburg ?
What other states are located in West Virginia ?
What is the role of Parkersburg in Wood County ?
When was the population of Parkersburg ?
What was the peak of Parkersburg in 1960 ?
What is Parkersburg ' s ranking in the metropolitan area ?
What was the name of the first bridge over the Ohio River ?
What was the Parkersburg Bridge in the world ?
After what war did the B & O Railroad have a bridge over the Ohio River ?
When was the Parkersburg Bridge built ?
What is the name of the bridge that was the longest in the world ?
What was the first bridge over that was not completed ?
When was the Bureau of the Public Debt relocated to Parkersburg ?
What agency was the Bureau of the Public Debt merged with in October 2012 ?
What is the name of the Bureau of the Public Debt ?
What department is the Bureau of the Public Debt an agency of ?
What is the Bureau of the Public Debt ?
When was the Bureau of the Public Debt merged with the Financial Management Service ?
From where was the Bureau of the Public Debt relocated ?
When was Joseph Thompson Goodman born ?
What did Goodman do to the Mayan language deciphering ?
Did he decipher Maya inscriptions ?
What was Samuel Clemens ' first name ?
What did Goodman do for the Mayan inscriptions ?
During what economic event was the Territorial Enterprise owned and edited ?
Who did Goodman hire as a reporter for the Territorial Enterprise ?
Who did Goodman hire as a reporter for the Territorial Enterprise ?
On what coast was the Territorial Enterprise located ?
Where was the Silver boom ?
What was the name of the newspaper owned by Goodman ?
What was the date that Joseph Thompson Goodman was born ?
What was the Territorial Enterprise ' s reputation as ?
What was Joseph Thompson Goodman ' s profession ?
What was Clemens ' first job ?
When was Andrey Mikalayevich Khlebasolaw born ?
What is Khlebasolaw ' s profession ?
What is the Belarusian name for Andrey Mikalayevich Khlebasolaw ?
What is the Russian name for Andrey Mikalayevich Khlebasolaw ?
What is the name of Andrey Khlebasolaw ?
What was Khlebasolaw ' s former career ?
Who is a professional footballer ?
What is Khlebosolov ' s son ' s career ?
What other country influenced the model horse culture ?
What country influenced Sweden ?
How do model horses differ from other types of cars ?
Where do model horses enjoy their models ?
What are not made from kits ?
How did model horses originate ?
What are scale replicas of real horses ?
How did model horses originate ?
What is the fan base of model horse fandom ?
What is the general general fan base of model horses ?
What are model horses ?
What are model horses scale replicas of ?
Was the US influenced by the UK ?
What do model horses include ?
What hobbyists do with model horses ?
What was Carasale ' s profession ?
What year did Angelo Carasale die ?
What was the name of the architectural style that Angelo Carasale used ?
Was he active in Naples ?
What is the name of the event that led to the creation of the Teatro di San Carlo ?
What is the story of the tale of the king being taken by the beauty of the Teatro di San Carlo ?
Who told the story of the king being taken by the public for applause ?
Where did the king find a private passageway for royalty ?
What did the king do to the public for the beauty of the Teatro di San Carlo ?
What was the Teatro di San Carlo ?
What opera did Domenico Sarro present at the end of ?
What was the Teatro di San Carlo ?
Who notified the king that the passageway was ready ?
What did the king think about the new theater ?
What role did Carasale play in designing the elaborate furnishings of the Teatro di San Carlo ?
How long after the performance of Achille in Sciro did Carasale tell the king that the new theater was ready ?
What did Carasale design for the Teatro di San Carlo ?
Who wrote the opera Achille in Sciro ?
What is the story of the tale of the king being taken by the public for applause ?
What is the story of the royal palace ' s lack of a private passageway ?
What was missing from the new theater ?
What was the predecessor of the San Carlo opera house ?
What was Carasale ' s first opera house ?
What was the name of the building that Carasale designed ?
What was Carasale ' s first task after being given the task of designing the San Bartolomeo theater ?
For what years did Carasale serve as impresario of the San Carlo opera house ?
What was Carasale imprisoned for ?
What role did Carasale play in the San Carlo opera house ?
What does Carasale died in disgrace ?
What type of churches did Carasale work on ?
What did some sources say Carasale died in ?
What was Carasale ' s previous occupation ?
What did Carasale do on the interior of Neapolitan churches ?
What happened on March 27 , 1974 ?
What was the Magude train disaster ' s reputation in Mozambique ?
What type of train collided with a freight train ?
What train collided with a train carrying passengers from Rhodesia ?
What happened when a train collided with a freight train ?
How many people were killed in the Magude train disaster ?
When did the Magude train disaster occur ?
How many people were injured in the explosion ?
What was the language of the train disaster ?
What was Colin Maitland ' s birth date ?
When was Colin Maitland in shoestring ?
What was Colin Maitland ' s film role in 1967 ?
What is one of the things that Colin Maitland has done ?
What has Colin Maitland done in the past ?
What year was The Bedford Incident released ?
What has Colin Maitland made in the past ?
What was the film " The Dirty Dozen " ?
What was the role of Colin Maitland in Shoestring ?
When did Colin Maitland appear on the BBC ' s Bargain Hunt ?
What is Colin Maitland ' s occupation ?
What was the film " The Dirty Dozen " called ?
What is the name of the song Colin Maitland sang in the Dirty Dozen ?
How did Colin Maitland meet Amanda ?
What film did Colin Maitland appear in in 1965 ?
What did Colin Maitland appear on in November 2017 ?
What did Colin Maitland do in Lolita ?
What was the title of the documentary he made about The Dirty Dozen ?
What was the nickname of the Dirty Dozen ?
How far is Gołyszyn from Skała ?
Where is Gołyszyn located ?
What is Gołyszyn north of ?
What is the geographical area of Kraków County ?
Where is Gołyszyn located ?
What district is Gołyszyn in ?
How far is Gołyszyn from Skała ?
How far is Gołyszyn from Kraków ?
How far is Gołyszyn from Kraków ?
What is the administrative district of ?
When was Kyrylo Doroshenko born ?
What kind of player is Kyrylo Doroshenko ?
What is Kyrylo Doroshenko ' s Ukrainian name ?
What is the nickname of the professional football player ?
What team does Kyrylo Doroshenko play for ?
What highway is located in Mississippi ?
In what county is Darling located ?
What is the name of the community that is in Quitman County ?
What was the profession of Mr . Darling ?
What was established in 2013 ?
How many different grounds have the North West Warriors played at ?
As of 4 September 2018 , how many first - class matches have the North West Warriors played ?
What is the name of the cricket team that was established in 2013 ?
Where have the North West Warriors played first - class , List A , and Twenty20 cricket ?
What was the first time the North West Warriors played first class cricket ?
As of what date have the North West Warriors played four home first - class matches ?
How many Twenty20 matches have the North West Warriors played at three different grounds ?
What type of cricket do the North West Warriors play ?
How many grounds have the North West Warriors used for home matches ?
What did the North West Warriors have in 2017 ?
What type of matches do the North West Warriors play at ?
What status did the North West Warriors cricket team have in 2017 ?
How many List A matches have the North West Warriors played ?
What year did the statistics for the three grounds that the North West Warriors use for home matches end ?
What is the name of the home ground of the North West Warriors cricket team ?
How far have the records for the three grounds that the North West Warriors have used for home matches ?
What type of championship do the North West Warriors play in ?
Who did the North West Warriors play their first first - class match against ?
What is the name of the inter - provincial championship in Ireland ?
What county is Eglinton located in ?
What status did the North West Warriors cricket team receive in 2017 ?
What type of matches do the North West Warriors play ?
What type of match do the North West Warriors play ?
When was the Ordnance QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer used ?
What was another name for the British Empire field howitzer ?
What was the Ordnance QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer ?
5 - inch howitzer was the standard British Empire howitzer of the First World War ?
What was the carriage used for the howitzer before mechanization ?
What was the Ordnance QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer ?
Who was last used in the field of the howitzer ?
What type of artillery was the Ordnance QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer used for ?
What happened to the howitzer in 1942 ?
What period did the howitzer remain in use ?
When was the last time the 4 . 5 - inch howitzer was used by British forces ?
What happened in 1910 ?
What was the previous howitzer used in the first world war ?
What was the size of the German field howitzer ?
The QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer was larger than what other ?
What batteries did the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer provide in WWII ?
In what war did the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer use some units of the BEF ?
What was the greater than the German field howitzer ?
What was the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer ?
What was the calibre of the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer ?
5 - inch howitzer was used by British and Commonwealth forces in most theatres ?
What was the meaning of the term " new zealand " ?
In WWII , what part of the world was the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer used ?
Where was the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer used in WWII ?
Who used the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer ?
Who used the QF 4 . 5 - inch howitzer in Russia ?
How did Kolb respond to being recruited ?
Where did Kolb grow up ?
What was Kolb ' s father ' s position in the US intelligence ?
Who was the co - founder of the CIA ?
Who did Kolb resist being recruited by ?
What was Kolb ' s father ' s job title ?
What was Kolb ' s career in the CIA ?
How did Kolb grow up ?
How did Kolb grow up ?
How many books did Larry J . Kolb write ?
What was Kolb ' s life as an intelligence officer ?
Where did Kolb retreat to to avoid extradition to India ?
What was the name of the person who was involved in the intrigues that Kolb was involved in ?
What is the name of Kolb ' s memoir ?
What is the abbreviation for Larry Kolb ?
What role did Kolb play for Muhammad Ali ?
klb worked as a spy for Miles Copeland , Jr . ?
When was Larry J . Kolb born ?
Why did Kolb retreat to a safe house in Florida ?
Along with Muhammad Ali , who did Kolb work as an advisor to ?
What was Kolb recruited by the Department of Homeland Security to do ?
What did Vikram Sood call Kolb ?
What campaign was the conspiracy to smear ?
What does Vikram Sood work for ?
Who did Kolb discover a conspiracy to smear the 2004 presidential campaign ?
When did Kolb write America at Night ?
How much of his book on Kolb is devoted to Kolb ' s operations in India ?
What did Kolb ' s book America at Night say about him ?
What book did Kolb write about John Kerry ?
What was Vikram Sood ' s rank in the R & AW ?
What is the name of the retired chief of India ' s foreign intelligence service ?
What is the title of Kolb ' s book ?
What was Kolb ' s nickname ?
What was Vikram Sood ' s rank in the Indian intelligence service ?
What is a notable trait of James Bond ?
On what date was America at Night published ?
What department was Kolb recruited by ?
What was the purpose of the conspiracy to smear the John Kerry presidential campaign ?
What does R & AW stand for ?
What group did Kolb ' s investigation of John Kerry link to ?
k . a . Kolb ?
What did Vikram Sood say about Kolb ?
Where does Kolb live ?
What line is Youngsan University Station on ?
Where does the name of the station come from ?
What is the name of the station that is located near the university ?
What does the name of the station come from ?
Where is the train station located ?
What district is the Youngsan University Station located in ?
What are the standards for care services in Scotland ?
What are the National Care Standards standards for ?
Along with the service providers , who consulted with the Scottish Government on the standards ?
Along with service providers , what other group consulted with the Scottish Government to develop the standards ?
Whose consultation was needed to develop the standards ?
Who set up the standards ?
What is the process of review of the standards ?
After what process were the standards developed ?
What act established the standards ?
What is used by service providers to maintain and improve services ?
When is the Care Inspectorate required to apply the National Care Standards ?
Who is required to apply the National Care Standards ?
What are the National Care Standards used to improve ?
Who uses the National Care Standards ?
Is the Care Inspectorate required to apply the National Care Standards ?
What is the German pronunciation of the Kyffhäuser ?
What is located in the Kyffhäuser range ?
What is the significance of the Kyffhäuser in German traditional mythology ?
Who was said to be resting in the Kyffhäuser ?
How tall is the highest point in the Kyffhäuser range ?
What is the site of ?
What is the legend of Emperor Frederick Barbarossa believed to be resting in the Kyffhäuser ?
What is another name for Kyffhausen Castle ?
What is the pronunciation of the Kyffhäuser ?
What is at the Kulpenberg ?
What mountains are located southeast of the Kyffhäuser ?
Where are the Kyffhäuser mountains located ?
How tall is the highest point in the Kyffhäuser ?
What is the Kyffhäuser ?
What kind of shell is Pittoconcha concinna ?
What kind of snail is Pittoconcha concinna ?
What is the name of the species of land snail endemic to Norfolk Island ?
Where is this species endemic to ?
What family is Pittoconcha concinna in ?
What is the main effect of the loss of vision ?
What is one societal role that the loss of vision reduces ?
What is the main symptom of glaucoma ?
What is the common cause of phacolysis ?
What does the loss of sight reduce ?
What type of cataract can cause phacolysis ?
What is the procedure to cure inflammatory glaucoma called ?
Where is phacolysis more frequently reported ?
What is one of the main reasons that glaucoma can cause an individual to lose independence ?
How is cataract extraction usually handled ?
Why is phacolysis more frequently reported in underdeveloped countries ?
What is the main effect of the symptoms of glaucoma ?
What is leaked into the lens of a mature or hyper mature cataract ?
What is the term for glaucoma caused by a leaking or immature cataract ?
What is the main symptom of glaucoma ?
What is the cause of phacolysis ?
What type of glaucoma occurs in phacolysis ?
Is phacolysis more common or less common in underdeveloped countries ?
What is the cause of phacolysis ?
What is the most common form of glaucoma ?
What is the Amsterdams Lyceum ?
What does the Amsterdams Lyceum offer ?
How many students does the Amsterdams Lyceum have ?
Besides Amstelveen , what other city ' s students can also go to the Lyceum ?
How many students from outside of Amsterdam attend the Lyceum ?
What other municipalities are also a large number of students in the school ?
What ' s the name of the secondary school that combines gymnasium and atheneum ?
What type of school combines gymnasium and atheneum ?
What is another name for Bacchisa fortunei ?
What family is the blue pear twig borer in ?
What is the name of the blue pear twig borer ?
When was Dragoljub Milošević born ?
What was Dragoljub Milošević ' s career ?
Along with a footballer , what was Dragoljub Milošević ' s other career ?
What was the name of Dragoljub Milošević ' s nickname ?
What team did he play for ?
What was the name of the team that he played for ?
What team did he play for ?
For what team did he play ?
What team did he play for ?
What team did he play for ?
What team did he coach ?
What did he do ?
What team did he coach ?
What team did he coach ?
What team did he coach ?
What is the name of Valencia CF ' s coach ?
What team did he coach ?
What team did he coach ?
What team did he coach ?
What team did he coach ?
What team did he coach ?
What type of platform is CapBridge approved to operate ?
What license does the 1exchange have ?
What license does CapBridge use ?
What is CapBridge ?
What type of exchange is CapBridge able to operate ?
Who approved CapBridge ?
What is the name of the private securities exchange that CapBridge operates ?
What does MAS stand for ?
What kind of slurries does Versum Materials manufacture ?
What is the name of the company that manufactures chemical - mechanical planarization slurries ?
What type of dielectric is produced by Versum Materials ?
For what industry is Versum Materials ' delivery equipment used ?
What type of film does Versum Materials manufacture ?
What company is Versum Materials a subsidiary of ?
What kind of planarization slurries does Versum Materials manufacture ?
What kind of cleans does Versum Materials manufacture ?
What kind of products does Versum Materials manufacture ?
What is Versum Materials ' main product for the semiconductor industry ?
What is Versum Materials ?
Who can be a member of the NATA ?
What professions are members of the NATA ?
Who does the NATA represent ?
What profession does the NATA support ?
How many members does the NATA have ?
What is the NATA ?
What do many certified athletic trainers receive from the NATA ?
What type of benefits do NATA members have ?
What was the year that Stan Fisher died ?
What league did Stan Fisher play in ?
What was Stan Fisher ' s career ?
What was the name of the player who played with Hawthorn ?
What was the nickname of Stan Fisher ?
What was Selma Freud ' s birth date ?
What was the only thing that Selma Freud did after her doctorate ?
What did Selma Freud found ?
What was Selma Freud ' s claim to be the second ?
What did Selma Freud found in 1926 ?
What was the religion of Selma Freud ?
What was the name of the organization that Selma Freud founded ?
What was the name of the Austrian woman who founded the first official Salvation Army corps ?
How did Selma Freud do with the Salvation Army ?
What was Selma Freud ' s profession ?
Was Selma Freud the first Austrian woman to become a Salvation Army corps ?
What was Selma Freud ' s religion ?
Why did the Austrian Heilsarmee not start in Vienna ?
What is the Heilsarmee ?
When did Selma Freud train with the Salvation Army ?
When was the first Austrian Heilsarmee corps founded ?
What is Eshraghanimation Co ?
What does Eshraghanimation Co do ?
What have films produced by Eshraghanimation Co been done ?
What type of films does Eshraghanimation Co produce ?
What is At the heaven ' s gate ?
What is one of the products of Eshraghanimation Co ?
What type of films does Eshraghanimation Co produce ?
What was the first film produced by Eshraghanimation Co ?
What is the name of the independent production company that produces animated feature films ?
What is the name of the live - action Eshraghanimation ?
When is At the heaven ' s gate coming out ?
How many films has Eshraghanimation Co produced ?
What has Eshraghanimation Co been distributed worldwide by Eshraghanimation ?
What was Jacob Saphir ' s Hebrew name ?
What was Jacob Saphir ' s ancestry ?
When was Jacob Saphir alive ?
What was Jacob Saphir ' s nickname ?
Where did he travel in 1848 ?
What did he take in 1854 to collect funds for the construction of the Hurva Synagogue ?
What is the name for the palestine that is found in the tomb of Naḥḥḥḥ ?
What city was he commissioned by the Jewish community of ?
Where was the Hurva Synagogue located ?
Who commissioned him to travel through the southern countries to collect alms ?
What was the name of the synagogue that he collected funds for ?
What was his second tour in 1854 ?
What was he commissioned to do in 1848 ?
Where did he travel in 1859 ?
What was the name of the work Saphir wrote on the appearance in Yemen of Judah ben Shalom ?
What was Saphir ' s view of the condition of the Jews in the mentioned countries ?
Whose appearance in Yemen was largely responsible for ending Judah ben Shalom ' s career ?
What was Iggeret Teman ' s impact on Judah ben Shalom ' s career ?
Iggeret Teman was titled after Rambam ' s letter ?
What was the result of his journey ?
What happened in 1886 ?
What was Saphir ' s work ?
What did Saphir describe the condition of the Jews in ?
How did Iggeret Teman do to end Judah ben Shalom ' s career ?
What was the name of Saphir ' s travel diary ?
Was Iggeret Teman named after Rambam ' s letter ?
What was Saphir ' s title ?
Who studied with great panache ?
What was the name of the Talmud ?
What happened to Saphir and Saphir after they were recognized ?
What did Solomon Schechter use to teach Saphir and Saphir ?
What was the first Jewish researcher to recognize the significance of ?
To whom did Sapir dedicated a collection of poetry ?
Who wrote a collection of poetry to Sir Moses and Lady Montefiore ?
Who did Sapir dedicated a collection of poetry to ?
What did Sapir research on ?
What did Sapir do on Yanover , Israeli and Greek etrogs ?
What group did Blackwell co - found ?
What was Robby Blackwell ' s date of birth ?
What is the name of Robby Blackwell ' s band ?
What was " Killer " ?
What is Robby Blackwell ' s ethnicity ?
Who was the name of the group that released Unconditional Love ?
What was the name of the album Lemonescent ' s debut ?
What did the William and Mary style do ?
What was the William and Mary style ?
What was one of the first to imitate Asian design elements ?
What other style was used in the William and Mary style ?
What type of furniture was the William and Mary style similar to ?
Along with curves , what was one of the main features of the William and Mary style ?
Where was the William and Mary style common ?
What was the William and Mary style ?
What is another name for the William and Mary style ?
When was the William and Mary style known as ?
When was Bradford Lee Gilbert born ?
What was the name of Bradford Lee Gilbert ' s nickname ?
What was Bradford Lee Gilbert ' s profession ?
What was the name of the city that Bradford Lee Gilbert designed ?
What is another name for a new york ?
What was the birth date of Bradford Lee Gilbert ?
What is the Arabic name for the Borg El Arab Stadium ?
What is the Arabic name for El Geish Stadium - Alexandria ?
How far is Borg El Arab Stadium from Borg El Arab Airport ?
What is the Borg El Arab Stadium ' s ranking in terms of size ?
What is on the pitch ?
What is 10 km from Borg El Arab Stadium ?
What is the name of the largest stadium in Africa ?
What is the name of the stadium in Borg El Arab ?
What is another name for Borg El Arab Stadium ?
How far from Alexandria is Borg El Arab Stadium ?
Where is Borg El Arab Stadium located ?
How many floodlights are in the ground ?
What is the Borg El Arab Stadium also known as ?
Where does the Borg El Arab Stadium rank in terms of size ?
What is the Borg El Arab Stadium ' s ranking in Egypt ?
How far is Alexandria ' s city center from Borg El Arab Stadium ?
What happened in 2005 ?
Where does the Borg El Arab Stadium rank in Africa in size ?
What is the Borg El Arab Stadium ?
How many stands are covered by a roof ?
What is the Borg El Arab Stadium 15 km from ?
How many cars can the stadium ' s parking lot hold ?
What is 6 km long ?
How many electronic entrances are in the stadium ?
How many buses can be found in the stadium ?
What does the umbrella cover 35 % of ?
How long is the fence surrounding the stadium ?
What is the length of the internal road network ?
What is the area of the stadium equal to ?
What can 5000 cars be found in the stadium ?
What region is the umbrella of the stadium in ?
What is covered by an umbrella ?
What percentage of the stadium ' s total area ?
How many feddans is the stadium ?
How many square meters is the stadium ?
What is the size of the stadium ?
What is the biggest in the Middle East ?
What is a locker room for Athletics ?
How many elevators does the stadium have ?
How many people can each sub - stadium hold ?
How many people does the department building contain ?
How many presses does the stadium have ?
What is in the building that contains broadcasters ?
Does the stadium have a hotel ?
Does the stadium have a hotel ?
Is the stadium air - conditioned ?
How many bathrooms are in the stadium for the handicapped ?
How many sub - stadiums are there for training ?
What is a feature of the hotel ?
Who is included in the stadium ' s elevators ?
What is the 80 people in the hotel ?
What is one of the air - conditioned areas in the stadium ?
What type of cars are in the stadium ?
How many bathrooms are in the stadium ?
How many bathrooms are there for women ?
How many people can the stadium host ?
What type of technology was Meta Data Services ?
What was the name of the repository technology that was integrated with enterprise information systems ?
What was the main application of Meta Data Services ?
What did Meta Data Services use to do ?
What did Microsoft SQL Server 2000 use to store versioned DTS Packages ?
What did Microsoft support the exchange of model data with other development tools ?
What did Microsoft use as a native store for object definitions ?
What was the original intent of the Repository ?
What did SQL Server tools do with the Repository ?
What was the Repository renamed with the release of SQL Server 2000 ?
What was the original name of the Repository ?
What does OIM stand for ?
What did Microsoft SQL Server 2000 use Meta Data Services for ?
What Microsoft release renamed the Repository to Meta Data Services ?
What was the original intent of the Meta Data Services ?
What did Microsoft join in 1998 ?
What Microsoft product did the Repository become part of ?
When was support for Meta Data Services withdrawn from support ?
What was the first release of the Repository ?
What was the original intent of the Repository ?
What did Meta Data Services allow other development tools to exchange with other software ?
What happened to the Repository when SQL Server 7 was released ?
Where was the Meta Data Services repository located ?
What company joined the Meta Data Coalition in 1998 ?
What did the Repository help facilitate metadata interchange between ?
How did Microsoft use Meta Data Services for object definitions ?
In Microsoft Visual Studio , what did Meta Data Services exchange model data with ?
What was one of the Microsoft technologies that used Meta Data Services as a platform for ?
What did Microsoft do to the OIM of the Repository ?
Who did Microsoft transfer management of the underlying OIM to ?
What was the original name of the Repository ?
What was the original intent of the Repository ?
What automation did Microsoft use to provide an extensible programmatic interface to metadata describing software artifacts ?
What feature did SQL Server 7 have that was dependency on the Repository ?
What did Microsoft use the Meta Data Services to store ?
What did the original intent of the Meta Data Services ?
What could users do to support new tools for resale ?
What did users use to store metadata ?
What could users customize Meta Data Services ?
What is the purpose of using Meta Data Services ?
What is a component of a system that uses Meta Data Services ?
What could users extend Meta Data Services to do for new tools for resale ?
What is the purpose of Meta Data Services ?
What could users extend Meta Data Services to support for ?
How did users use Meta Data Services for custom applications ?
What is the purpose of Meta Data Services ?
What kind of applications did Meta Data Services serve as a native store for ?
What is another name for the game of chicken ?
What is the worst outcome of the game of chicken ?
What is the ideal outcome of the game of chicken ?
What player yields when the game is over ?
What is the game of chicken called ?
What is another name for the game of chicken ?
What theory describes the game of chicken ?
How many players are in the game of chicken ?
What do the individuals try to avoid doing in the game of chicken ?
How do individuals avoid the game of chicken ?
What is the game of chicken also known as ?
What is the outcome of the game if neither player yields ?
What do the players try to avoid being like ?
What is the origin of the name " chicken " ?
What is the Cuban Missile Crisis a game of ?
What term is most commonly used in biology and evolutionary game theory to describe a situation in which there is a competition for a shared resource ?
Where do the names of the two game - theoretic concepts come from ?
What is the difference between the two concepts ?
What is an example of a mutual assured destruction of nuclear warfare ?
What do the contestants have to do in order to win the game ?
What must one driver do to avoid a crash ?
What is a " chicken " if both drivers do not ?
What is the most common use of the term " hawk - dove " ?
What is the origin of the name " chicken " ?
From what point of view are the names " chicken " and " hawk - dove " identical ?
What is the term " hawk - dove " used to describe when there is a competition for ?
In what field is the term " chicken " most prevalent ?
What do the different names of the game come from ?
What is the game chicken used to describe ?
What is the outcome of a chicken crash ?
What is the game of chicken ?
What was the Cuban Missile Crisis characterized as a result of ?
What do the different names of the game derive from ?
Is the term " hawk - dove " used in biology and evolutionary game theory ?
When was Louis Kerly born ?
What was the French pronunciation of Louis Kerly ?
What was Louis Kerly ' s career ?
What was Louis Kerly ' s career ?
What series of albums was Agoria part of ?
What is the name of Agoria ' s 2011 album ?
What year was Fabric 57 released ?
How long has Cunningham been at Minnesota State University ?
Where is David Cunningham a student ?
What is David Cunningham ' s profession ?
What position does Cunningham hold at Minnesota State University ?
What was David Cunningham ' s former career ?
What is the name of the football player that Cunningham played for ?
What was Cunningham ' s job title at Sue Bennett College ?
What college did Cunningham serve as the head football coach for ?
Where did Cunningham serve as the head football coach ?
Who was the head football coach at Sue Bennett College ?
What is the Richmond Gaol unique to Australia ?
What type of building is the Richmond Gaol ?
What happened in 1825 ?
What is the Richmond Gaol ' s function ?
What did the convicts have to do to construct the Richmond Bridge ?
What is the oldest intact building in Australia ?
What is the name of the penal colony at Port Arthur ?
What did the Richmond Gaol predate the establishment of ?
What was constructed at Richmond Gaol ?
What type of cell is present in the gaol buildings ?
What has happened to most of the gaol buildings ?
How long is a female solitary confinement cell ?
What type of buildings have not been changed since convict times ?
How big is the female solitary confinement cell in a gaol ?
How tall is the female solitary confinement cell in the gaol ?
How big is a female solitary confinement cell in a gaol ?
What do the buildings contain ?
What type of sleeping rooms are in the buildings ?
What is a chain gang sleeping rooms ?
What is one room in the building that contains historical documents ?
What is a notable feature of the building that contains prisoners ?
What is one of the buildings that contains a food processing facility ?
What does HEMTT stand for ?
What does PLS stand for ?
What does the LVSR stand for ?
How many truck types does the LVSR have ?
How many variants of the LVSR are in service ?
What is the purpose of the LVSR ?
What is the LVSR ?
Who manufactures the LVSR ?
Along with a cargo and a wrecker , what is the other variant of the LVSR ?
What kind of chassis is the LVSR based on ?
What determines the number of vehicles in the LVSR family ?
What do the LVSR vehicles vary in ?
What were ordered in 2006 ?
What does the M1076 have with all three truck types ?
How many axles are in the LVSR chassis ?
What axle is in the chassis of the LVSR ?
Who uses the Oshkosh Heavy Expanded Mobility Tactical Truck ( HEMTT ) ?
What does the US Army use a common trailer with all three truck types ?
How is the LVSR used by the US Marines ?
What is the origin of the surname Welander ?
What is the name of the person who has Welander ?
Who is notable for having the surname Welander ?
What is Clinton Welander ' s profession ?
What ' s the name of Clinton Welander ' s nickname ?
Who was Lisa Welander ?
What was the name of Lisa Welander ' s daughter ?
What was Majvor Welander ' s life span ?
What was Majvor Welander ' s nickname ?
Who is Marta Welander ?
What is the name of the British human rights activist ?
When did Svea Nordblad Welander die ?
Who was the name of the composer who was a part of the Swedish music scene ?
What province is Damonsville in ?
What municipality is Damonsville in ?
Where is Damonsville located ?
What type of suburb is Damonsville ?
What is the name of the town Damonsville ?
What is the name of the series that Heena Panchal has been participating in ?
What item song is Heena Panchal known for ?
When will heena Panchal be a part of Mujhse Shaadi Karoge ?
What is Heena Panchal ' s career ?
What is the name of the Marathi show that Heena Panchal participates in ?
What type of songs is Heena Panchal known for ?
What is the name of the actress who is known for her item songs ?
What is Heena Panchal ' s other nickname ?
What item song is Heena Panchal known for ?
What is Jackson sometimes known as the " father of what ? "
How many foreign bodies did Jackson extract from patients ?
When was Jackson born ?
How long was Bozzini alive ?
Is Bozzini the same person as Jackson ?
What was the nickname of Jackson ?
What did Jackson do with swallowed foreign bodies ?
What was the French name for Jackson ?
What is the name given to Jackson ' s work as a father of endoscopy ?
On what date was Jackson born ?
Where is the collection of swallowed foreign bodies in Philadelphia ?
Who was Jackson ?
What is Lindy Hop closely related to ?
Where did the history of Lindy Hop begin ?
What event caused the decline of Lindy Hop ?
Who else gained fame from Lindy Hop ?
What happened to Lindy Hop in the 1930s ?
Who did European and American dancers do with the Lindy Hop ?
What happened after WWII ?
What is the history of lindy hop ?
What is another name for Lindy Hop ?
What other dance did the Lindy Hop begin in conjunction with ?
How did Lindy Hop gain fame ?
What is the name of the new york in the Lindy Hop ?
What happened to the popularity of Lindy Hop during the 1940s and the 1980s ?
When did the history of Lindy Hop begin ?
How is the relationship between Lindy Hop and earlier African American vernacular dances ?
What family is Cortinarius bovinatus a member of ?
What is the name of the fungus that was discovered in 2013 ?
What kind of fungus is Cortinarius bovinatus ?
What is one of the main goals of WUN ?
What does WUN do with its member universities ?
What does WUN stand for ?
What type of support to member universities ?
How many universities are in the Worldwide Universities Network ?
Who does WUN support ?
What type of universities are included in the WUN ?
What type of support does WUN provide to member universities ?
What is the name of the group of universities that are in the United Kingdom ?
How many universities are in the Worldwide Universities Network ?
What countries are included in the Worldwide Universities Network ?
What is the name of the Worldwide Universities Network ?
Where is the location of the Worldwide Universities Network ?
What kind of organization is the Worldwide Universities Network ?
What is the purpose of the Worldwide Universities Network ?
What is the name of the Chinese University of Hong Kong ?
What is the name of the Chinese university in Hong Kong ?
What is the name of the university in Amherst ?
What is the name of the university in Minas Gerais ?
What is the name of the university in Western Australia ?
What is the name of the network of member universities ?
What do members of the Zhejiang UniversityThe network pay to join the network ?
Who funds the Zhejiang UniversityThe network ?
How is the Zhejiang UniversityThe network funded ?
Where is the stadium located ?
When was the stadium renovated ?
How many people does the Estadio Municipal de Calulo hold ?
What is the Estadio Municipal de Calulo ?
What is the purpose of the Estadio Municipal de Calulo ?
What purpose does the Estadio Municipal de Calulo serve for C . R . D . Libolo ?
When was the Estadio Municipal de Calulo built ?
How many people can be seated in the Estadio Municipal de Calulo ?
What was Campo de Calulo ' s original name ?
What was the stadium renamed in 1975 ?
What was the original name of the stadium ?
What was the stadium renamed to in 1978 ?
In what range is Piz Foraz located ?
What is the name of the mountain Piz Foraz ?
Where is Piz Foraz located ?
What is the name of the national park on the mountain ?
Which side of the mountain is part of the Swiss National Park ?
When was George Watson Cole born ?
What was the nickname of George Watson Cole ?
On what date was George Watson Cole born ?
What was George Watson Cole ' s profession ?
What did Cole do in 1886 at the Pratt Institute ?
What library did Cole work to compile a printed catalogue of ?
What did Cole do when he was 35 ?
What library did Cole work for after Columbia ?
What did Cole attend at Columbia College ?
What did Cole do at the Newberry Library ?
What did Cole do in the first class of Melvil Dewey ' s library school ?
What did Cole compile for the Fitchburg , Massachusetts Public Library ?
Where did Cole go to school ?
What was the name of the library that Cole worked for ?
Who taught Cole in Columbia College ?
What class did Cole enter at Columbia College ?
Where did Cole go to school ?
In 1999 , Cole was named as one of what ?
What kind of library did Cole work at in Jersey City ?
What did Cole do with his library work ?
What did Cole do in 1895 ?
In what city was the Free Public Library located ?
What was the name of the library that Cole worked at Jersey City ?
What type of library did Cole ' s most celebrated work catalogs of ?
What did Cole ' s contributions to the nation impact ?
What library did Cole work at ?
What did Cole have on the library service ?
Whose private library did Cole annotate catalogs ?
What was the role of the Henry E . Huntington Library and Art Gallery ?
What did Cole travel to work on ?
What was the Henry E . Huntington Library and what other building ?
What was Cole ' s most celebrated work ?
e
What was Cole ' s most famous work ?
What is on the inside of the flowers ?
What family is the plant in ?
What is about the surface of the leaves ?
In what part of Australia is Oldfield ' s foxglove endemic ?
What is the common name for Oldfield ' s foxglove ?
What is the function of the plant ?
What kind of plant is Oldfield ' s foxglove ?
Is Oldfield ' s foxglove more common or less common ?
What is the coat of hairs on the branches and leaves of Oldfield ' s foxglove ?
What shape are the flowers in Oldfield ' s foxglove ?
When was Branko Lustig alive ?
What was Branko Lustig ' s career ?
What was Lustig known for for ?
How many Oscars has Branko Lustig won ?
What award did Lustig win for Schindler ' s List ?
What is the only thing that Lustig is known for being ?
In what territory was Branko Lustig born ?
What is the Croatian word for Branko Lustig ?
What has Craig done for his defense of the right of city residents to own guns ?
What is Craig ' s job title ?
How long has Craig served as head of the Detroit Police Department ?
Craig is the head of Detroit ' s police department ?
Who has Craig defended in his defense of ?
When was James E . Craig born ?
When has Craig gained attention for his defense of the right of city residents to own guns ?
Where did Craig go to school ?
What did Craig do on patrol ?
What color uniforms did Craig retire ?
What did Craig retire from the Cincinnati police department ?
What did Craig do with the Cincinnati police ?
What department did Craig lead from 2011 to 2013 ?
What did Craig change in Cincinnati ?
What did Craig work for in Los Angeles ?
When did Craig first join the Detroit police force ?
What was Craig ' s job title in Portland , Maine ?
Who appointed him as Detroit ' s police chief ?
What was his position in Detroit ?
When did Craig say more armed citizens would decrease crime ?
What did Craig respond to in August 2019 ?
What did Congresswoman Rashida Tlaib ask Detroit PD to do ?
What is the purpose of the Real Time Crime Center ?
What type of sweeps did Craig initiate to find people with outstanding warrants ?
Who asked Detroit PD to stop using facial recognition ?
What did Craig say about Detroit ' s crime rate in 2014 ?
What project did Craig do as Detroit ' s deputy mayor ?
What did Craig say terrorists were unlikely to attack Detroit ?
Where is Project Green Light located ?
What is the goal of Project Green Light ?
When did Craig respond to controversies surrounding facial recognition software ?
What policy was changed to limit the use of suspects in criminal investigations ?
When did Craig announce his resignation as Detroit ' s police chief ?
When was Craig named Detroit ' s deputy mayor ?
What did Craig do in March 2020 ?
Who was Craig replacing as Detroit ' s police chief ?
When did Craig say he wanted " something more substantive " ?
How long had Logan been in charge of Detroit ' s police ?
What did Craig want to do with police ?
What did Craig say that terrorists were unlikely to attack Detroit ?
How did Craig handle gang membership ?
What is Craig ' s job title ?
Who did Craig say were in Motor City Pride ?
How did Craig describe people involved in mass shootings ?
How did Craig make headlines ?
What was the cause of Craig ' s positive test positive for COVID - 19 ?
What event is held in June ?
How did Craig make news about the shootings in Detroit ?
What position did Craig take over from ?
When did Craig make headlines by calling people involved in mass shootings " urban terrorists " ?
What is the nickname given to Craig ?
How did Craig respond to Rashida Tlaib ' s request to come to the Real Time Crime Center ?
What did Craig say more armed citizens would decrease ?
Who did Craig say were attending Motor City Pride ?
When did Craig test positive for COVID - 19 ?
What is the goal of Craig ' s sweeps ?
What is the nickname given to Craig by the Detroit police ?
What was Craig ' s role as Detroit ' s deputy mayor ?
What did Craig say he wanted in June 2019 ?
What kind of facial recognition policies were changed to limit ?
What was Godbee fired for ?
Who was fired as Detroit ' s police chief ?
When did Craig take over as Detroit ' s police chief ?
What is a suspect in a large scale sweep ?
What did Craig call people involved in in Detroit as " urban terrorists " ?
Why did Craig say terrorists were unlikely to attack Detroit ?
What is the facial recognition software used for ?
What position did Craig receive in Detroit ?
What was the main reason for Craig ' s statements about the white supremacists ?
What are facial recognition policies limited to ?
Why did Craig announce he was " more substantive " ?
Why did Craig initiate Project Green Light ?
What is the name of the website Craig created to combat crime ?
What did Craig say terrorist were unlikely to do ?
How did Craig describe the controversy surrounding the police department ?
Who conducted the population census ?
What was conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 ?
According to the census conducted by the Institut National de la Statistique Benin on February 15 , 2002 , what was the population of the arrondissement ?
When was the population census conducted ?
What department is Gbanlin in ?
What kind of division is Gbanlin ?
What is the name of the arrondissement in Benin ?
What is the Wapello Community School District ?
Who did the Wapello Community School District join in 2015 ?
Where is the Wapello Community School District located ?
What is the name of the rural school district in Wapello ?
What is the main area of the Wapello Community School District ?
What is the name of the Wapello Community School District ?
In what county is the Wapello Community School District located ?
Who is Mike Peterson ?
What agreement did the Wapello Community School District have with Morning Sun Community School District in 2015 ?
What is the major difference between the size of the area in Des Moines County and Wapello ?
How long has a post office been in North Springfield ?
What is Black River Produce ?
What is the name of the major food processor in North Springfield ?
What is the name of the community in Vermont that is located in Vermont ?
What county is North Springfield in ?
What countries are North Springfield located in ?
What is North Springfield ?
What has been operating in North Springfield since 1832 ?
What is the status of North Springfield ?
What is the altitude of North Springfield ?
When was the population of North Springfield 573 ?
What is the Stellafane Observatory considered ?
What is the name of the observatory in the city ?
What act created Worksop as an urban district ?
What was Worksop created as ?
What happened to Worksop ' s status in 1931 ?
What status was Worksop elevated to in 1931 ?
What act abolished the borough of Beverley ?
What was the other area that was not part of the new Bassetlaw district ?
What was the other area of the former Bassetlaw district that was not abolished ?
What was the new name of the district that was created in 1974 ?
What part of the borough was combined with the town of East Retford to form the new Bassetlaw district ?
What was left of the parish of Harworth ?
What parish was left unaffected by the abolition of the borough ?
What was the status of the borough of East Retford ?
What part of the borough was left unaffected by the abolition of the district ?
What radio station did Gheetha work at ?
What is Gheetha ' s career ?
What type of films did Gheetha act in ?
What distinction did Gheetha earn in Tamil film industry ?
What did Gheetha start in her own ?
What industry does Gheetha work in ?
What did she do as a radio jockey ?
What type of film does Gheetha work on ?
What was Gheetha ' s career in radio ?
What is Gheetha ' s career ?
What type of film did Gheetha start producing ?
Where has Gheetha worked as a host ?
What is Gheetha ' s nickname ?
What is Gheetha ' s stage name ?
What is the stage name of Punnagai Poo ?
What is Gheetha ' s stage name ?
What was Gheetha ' s first success in Tamil film ?
What did Gheetha do as a host at various events ?
What was the birth date of Juan Luis Sanfuentes Andonaegui ?
What was the full name of Juan Luis Sanfuentes Andonaegui ?
When was Juan Luis Sanfuentes Andonaegui born ?
What was Juan Luis Sanfuentes Andonaegui ' s ethnicity ?
What was the father of Sanfuentes ?
What was the name of Sanfuentes ' s wife ' s relationship with him ?
Who was Sanfuentes a minister of Finance under ?
What was the name of Sanfuentes ' s nickname ?
When was Ana Echazarreta ' s life span ?
What position was he in the Senate from 1906 through 1909 ?
Who raised Sanfuentes ?
Who was Sanfuentes ' mother ' s name ?
How many children did Sanfuentes and his wife have ?
When was Sanfuentes orphaned ?
Who did the Liberal Alliance support ?
What was the result of the election ?
What party did Sanfuentes belong to ?
What party was Sanfuentes a member of ?
Who supported the candidacy of Javier Ángel Figueroa ?
What was the name of the election in 1915 ?
Who was the coalition candidate of the Liberal Democratic Party and the Conservative Party ?
How many votes did Sanfuentes win ?
Who was called to confirm the result of the election ?
What was alleged to have been the main reason for the defeat of Sanfuentes ?
What was Sanfuentes ' s position in the election ?
What was the result of the Chilean presidential election of 1915 ?
Why was Sanfuentes defeated in the election ?
When was the Chilean presidential election ?
What percentage did the national industry grow during the years of World War I ?
What did Sanfuentes ' hard line against ?
Whose rise did Sanfuentes ' hard line against striking coal miners and trade unionists help to ?
Was Chile neutral in World War I ?
What happened to Sanfuentes after his term ?
What industry was crisised by the end of the war ?
What industry had one of its biggest booms during World War I ?
What conflict was Chile neutral during ?
What led to a crisis of the nitrate industry ?
Along with coal miners , what group did Sanfuentes oppose in his last years of his presidency ?
What did the crisis of the nitrate industry cause ?
What did Sanfuentes retire from after office ?
What was Sanfuentes ' stance against striking coal miners and trade unionists in the final year of his presidency ?
What was Sanfuentes ' stance on the strike ?
How long did the national industry grow during the war ?
During what year of Sanfuentes ' presidency did the strike occur ?
What did Sanfuentes devote himself to after his presidency ?
How long did the war last ?
What did Chilean domestic industry experience during the war ?
When did Frijns win the Formula Renault 3 . 5 Series ?
What did Frijns achieve in his second outing in Formula E ?
When was Frijns born ?
For what team does Frijns compete in the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters ?
What year did Frijns win ?
What is Frijns ' s career ?
What kind of racing is Frijns currently competing in ?
When is the Paris E - Prix ?
What is the name of the team that Frijns drives for ?
What kind of Masters does Frijns compete in ?
What was Frijns ' title in 2012 ?
Who else has won the series in his debut season ?
When did Frijns achieve his first Formula E podium finish ?
What did Frijns claim at the 2019 Paris E - Prix ?
What is Frijns ' current title ?
Who is the first driver to have won the Formula Renault 3 . 5 Series in his debut season ?
What was the first podium finish in Formula E ?
What is Hasanlu ' s Persian name ?
In what rural district is Hasanlu located ?
In what district is Hasanlu located ?
In what province is Hasanlu located ?
In what county is Hasanlu located ?
When was Hasanlu ' s population 574 ?
How many families live in Hasanlu ?
Where is the painting now in Madrid ?
What is the name of the dragon in the painting ?
Who is the dragon in the painting ?
When was the painting St Margaret and the Dragon painted ?
What award did Me and the Devil Blues win ?
Who named Me and the Devil Blues one of the best adult books for high school students in 2008 ?
What category did Me and the Devil Blues win in 2009 ?
Who is Robert Johnson ?
What is Me and the Devil Blues ?
Who does the School Library Journal say Me and the Devil Blues is best for ?
What did the School Library Journal name Me and the Devil Blues as in 2008 ?
Who licensed Me and the Devil Blues in the United States ?
What is the name of the series ?
How was the series originally published ?
Where is the location of Me and the Devil Blues ?
How often was the series originally serialized ?
Who is the author of Me and the Devil Blues ?
Where is the Kleine Schmalenau located ?
What is the direction of the Kleine Schmalenau ?
What is the German name for the Kleine Schmalenau ?
How many teams participated in the 2002 - 03 Allsvenskan season ?
What team did not qualify for Elitserien ?
What was the fourth season of Allsvenskan ?
How many seasons was the Allsvenskan league in 2002 - 03 ?
What is the status of Allsvenskan ?
Along with Hammarby IF , AIK , Skellefteå AIK , and Skellefteå AIK , what team qualified for the Elitserien qualifier ?
What is the Elitserien qualifier called in Sweden ?
What sport is Allsvenskan the second level in Sweden ?
What place did Hammarby finish in the SuperAllsvenskan qualifier ?
What did Hammarby IF , Rögle BK , and Skellefteå AIK qualify for ?
What was the result of Hammarby IF ' s first place in SuperAllsvenskan ?
What was the first video to be released in 1989 ?
What was the first time the Bee Gees played at the National Tennis Centre ?
What was the first disc error ?
What is the name of the video that was recorded at the National Tennis Centre in Melbourne , Australia ?
What was Melbourne ' s place on the One for All World Tour ?
What venue was the recording of One for All filmed at ?
How long was the VHS release of the One for All Tour ?
What year was the One for All Tour filmed ?
In which state did the video for One for All Tour take place ?
How many volumes was the One for All Tour VHS originally released in ?
What was the cover change on the DVD ?
When was the One for All Tour recorded ?
How many times did the Bee Gees play at the National Tennis Centre ?
In what era was the cover changed ?
What year did the Bee Gees last played in Melbourne ?
When was the song " My World " released on VHS ?
What was the name of the 1989 One for All Tour ?
What type of video is One for All Tour ?
What was the name of the tour that The Bee Gees played in 1989 ?
In what aspect was the Melbourne concert released on blu - ray ?
What was the result of the new mixes of the concert ?
What was the Melbourne show released on CD ?
What was the name of the warning given to the concert ?
What was the sound quality of the Melbourne concert ?
What was the name of the concert that Queen held in 2014 ?
What happened to the Melbourne show in 2014 ?
How did the Melbourne show become available on CD ?
What is the name of the national Episcopal Conference ?
How many ecclesiastical provinces does the Roman Catholic Church in the DRR have ?
What was the previous name of the Belgian Congo ?
What is the name of the Catholic church in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ?
What is the name of the group that unites the Roman Catholic Church in the DRR ?
How many dioceses are in the DRR ?
Who is in charge of the Roman Catholic Church in the DRR ?
What type of hierarchy does the Roman Catholic Church in the Democratic Republic of the Congo have ?
What type of government is the Congo ?
What is the name for the Roman Catholic Church in the Democratic Republic of the Congo ?
What is the name of the French word for the Catholic Church in the DRR ?
What type of jurisdictions are there ?
What type of jurisdiction is not in the jurisdiction of the Catholic Church ?
What is the Diocese of Bikoro ?
What are there ?
How is the Diocese of Bikoro ' s status ?
What is the title of the Bishop of Bikoro ?
What is the Apostolic Nunciature to the DRR ?
Where is the Apostolic Nunciature to the DRR located ?
What level is the Apostolic Nunciature to the DRR ?
What type of government is the country in ?
What is the Apostolic representation in the DRC ?
What kind of compound is a thienodiazepine ?
What is in the ring of a thienodiazepine ?
What is the ring that makes up a thienodiazepine ?
What forms the central core of some pharmaceutical and recreational drugs ?
What is a thienotriazolodiazepine a part of ?
Thiotriazolodiazepine structure forms the central core of what type of drug ?
What part of a drug is the thienodiazepine structure formed ?
What does deschloroetizolamSince thienodiazepines have similar effects to benzodiazepines ?
What does DeschloroetizolamSince thienodiazepine interact with ?
How do DeschloroetizolamSince thienodiazepines compare to benzodiazepines ?
What is Dr . John Christopher Coleman ' s main interest ?
What series is " Understanding adolescence " ?
What is the full name of Dr . John Christopher Coleman ?
What is the title of the new John Wiley series ?
What series of books does Dr . John Christopher Coleman edit ?
What has Dr . John Christopher Coleman done on adolescence ?
When was Dr . John Christopher Coleman born ?
How well known is Dr . John Christopher Coleman ' s textbook The nature of adolescence ?
What is one of his research interests ?
When was the Association for Young People ' s Health launched ?
What is one of his current research interests ?
What was he awarded an MBE for services to ?
What is one of his current research interests ?
At what event was the Association for Young People ' s Health launched ?
What is one of his current research interests ?
What is the title of the album ?
What is the title of the album ?
What is The Irish Rovers ?
What is the name of the group that recorded the album Tall Ships and Salty Dogs ?
When was Tall Ships and Salty Dogs released ?
What is the wingspan of the moth ?
Where is the wingspan of Cirrhochrista grabczewskyi found ?
Where is the wingspan of Cirrhochrista grabczewskyi found ?
What family is Cirrhochrista grabczewskyi a part of ?
What is the name of the moth found in subtropical Africa ?
Is the wingspan of Cirrhochrista grabczewskyi known from Zimbabwe or South Africa ?
What was the name of the UEFA Cup Final ?
On what date was the 1983 UEFA Cup Final played ?
On what date was the 1983 UEFA Cup Final played ?
What was the aggregate score for the 1983 UEFA Cup Final ?
What was His Name Was Robert ?
What is the Russian title of His Name Was Robert ?
What is the English version of His Name Was Robert ?
Who directed the film ' His Name Was Robert ' ?
Who was the author of the species ?
What family is Cerambycidae in ?
What is the name of the species in the family Cerambycidae ?
What is the band Bauhaus ?
How many singles were released from the album ?
What was the name of the band ' s 1981 album ?
What was the name of the single that was released in 1981 ?
What was the title of the EP that the band released in 1981 ?
When was the EP released ?
What is the typical depth of the Japanese waters where Fedorov ' s catshark is taken ?
Where is the Fedorov ' s catshark believed to be endemic ?
How many specimens of the Fedorov ' s catshark are there ?
Is this species well known or well known ?
Is the species of Fedorov ' s catshark endemic to Japan ?
What is the other name for the Apristurus catshark ?
Where are more than 30 reported specimens of Fedorov ' s catshark ?
Is it difficult to identify an Apristurus species ?
What type of reproduction does the Fedorov ' s catshark have ?
What family is the Fedorov ' s catshark part of ?
What is a major need to determine about the Apristurus ' s catshark ?
What is the scientific name of Fedorov ' s catshark ?
What is known about the biology of Fedorov ' s catshark ?
What is a major difficulty in Fedorov ' s catshark ?
How deep is the Japanese shark taken in Japanese waters ?
Where was Arwystli located ?
What was Caradog ' s father ' s name ?
What was the full name of Trahaearn ap Caradog ?
When was Trahaearn ap Caradog alive ?
What was the border between Gwynedd and Powys ?
What is the Welsh word for ' child ' ?
What was Arwystli ?
Where did Trahaearn die ?
What is the nickname of Jonathan Aspropotamitis ?
What is Aspropotamitis ' profession ?
What is the name of the team that Aspro plays for ?
What is the full name of Jonathan Aspro ?
What is the nickname of Jonathan Aspropotamitis ?
Who was the first album by ?
What publication listed Le Shok ' s debut album as a Pazz & Jop ?
What did the Village Voice say about Le Shok ' s debut ?
What was the first release of the album ?
What is We are Electrocution ?
How much was the vinyl version of We are Electrocution available ?
What Pazz and Jop list did the album appear on ?
How was the vinyl release of We are Electrocution released ?
When was the CD released ?
What is Nick Sowersby ' s nickname ?
What is Sunbeam Sound Machine ' s real name ?
What is Sunbeam Sound Machine ' s real name ?
What is Sunbeam Sound Machine ' s career ?
What is Sunbeam Sound Machine ' s musical style ?
What league was Shanley in ?
What is the nickname given to James Donald Shanley ?
What was the name of the team that Shanley played for ?
What was James Donald Shanley ' s birth date ?
What was Shanley ' s career ?
When did he die ?
What was the nickname of Castillo y Rada ?
What was the other name of the Vice President of the Republic of Colombia ?
When did he die ?
When did Castillo y Rada become Vice President of the Republic of Colombia ?
What was the term for the group of provinces that made up New Granada ?
When did Castillo y Rada leave the Vice President position ?
What was the political philosophy of Castillo y Rada ?
When did Castillo y Rada leave office ?
What type of politician was Castillo y Rada ?
When was José María del Castillo y Rada born ?
What position did Castillo y Rada hold in the Republic of Colombia ?
What is the name of the theater in Krefeld ?
What is the name of the theater in Krefeld ?
What is the list of NPCs ?
What year was the 1984 Summer Paralympics held ?
What was the name of the city in which the 1984 Summer Paralympics were held ?
What does the 1984 Summer Paralympics medal table list ?
What countries were involved in the 1984 Summer Paralympics ?
In what country was the 1984 Summer Paralympics held ?
Where were the 1984 Summer Paralympics held ?
What day was the start of the 1984 Summer Paralympics ?
When did the 1984 Summer Paralympics begin ?
What did NPCs rank by the number of ?
What is the number of gold medals won by the athletes of the 1984 Summer Paralympics ?
What other community college does the ISD work with ?
What does the ISD do ?
What does the ISD provide for juvenile delinquents ?
What is the MCISD ?
What does the ISD provide to all 9 of Monroe County ' s public schools ?
What part of Monroe County is incorporated into Wayne County RESA ?
Whose boundaries do the ISD serve ?
What out of county schools do the ISD provide ?
How many public schools does the ISD provide ?
What does the ISD provide to out - of - county students ?
Whiteford Agricultural Schools and Airport Community Schools are examples of what ?
What out of county schools have boundaries extending into neighboring counties ?
What is the ISD ?
Whiteford Agricultural Schools and Airport Community Schools are examples of out - of - county students ?
Do students in Whiteford Agricultural Schools and Airport Community Schools attend school in Monroe County ?
What does the boundary of the Monroe County ISD follow ?
Where do Whiteford Agricultural Schools extend into ?
How many private schools does the MCISD provide ?
Whiteford Agricultural Schools and Airport Community Schools are in what county ?
Whiteford Agricultural Schools and Airport Community Schools are examples of what ?
What type of schools does the MCISD serve ?
What do out - of - county students do not fall under the ISD ' s jurisdiction ?
What parts of Monroe County are within the boundaries of Wayne County ?
Who does the ISD provide services to ?
Along with Milan , Flat Rock , and what other northern city , what city is located in Monroe County ?
Whiteford Agricultural Schools and Airport Community Schools have boundaries extending into what counties ?
What is one thing that the ISD works with ?
Who does the ISD provide educational services for ?
Who does the ISD work with ?
Along with South Rockwood , what is a notable geographic feature in the ISD ?
How is the abbreviation of the Monroe County Intermediate School District ?
What kind of organizations does the United Way work with ?
Are Whiteford Agricultural Schools and Airport Community Schools in neighboring counties ?
What does the MCISD serve ?
What is the abbreviation for the MCISD ?
What was finished between Isfjord Radio and the mainland in 2004 ?
What war destroyed the Isfjord Radio station ?
What kind of station is Isfjord Radio ?
What has Isfjord Radio played an important role in the communications between the Svalbard archipelago and what ?
What is the name of the coast radio station at Kapp Linné ?
Along with a radio station , what is Isfjord Radio a hotel ?
What was Isfjord Radio important for ?
What was established in 1979 ?
What parts of Isfjord Radio have been preserved as a historical site ?
Where is Isfjord Radio located ?
What island is Isfjord Radio located on ?
What is Isfjord Radio ' s other use ?
What have parts of the Isfjord Radio stations been preserved as ?
What was Isfjord Radio important for ?
Isfjord Radio has played an important role in the communications between what area and the outside world ?
What role has Isfjord Radio played in the communications between Svalbard and the outside world ?
What do the official events on the Japan Golf Tour count for ?
What does the Japan Golf Tour offer ?
What do official events on the Japan Golf Tour count for World Golf Ranking points ?
What is the name of the Japan Golf Tour ?
What is the Japan Golf Tour ?
What can success on the Japan Golf Tour do for the majors ?
The Japan Golf Tour has not kept up with the growth in prize money ?
What has not kept pace with the growth in the larger tours ?
What type of tours offer the highest amount of prize money ?
What is the name of the Japan Golf Tour ?
What is the other tour that offers the highest prize money ?
What events on the Japan Golf Tour count for World Golf Ranking points ?
How has the growth in prize money on the Japan Golf Tour compared to the larger tours ?
When did the growth in prize money on the Japan Golf Tour begin to decline ?
Who runs the Japan Golf Tour ?
What other countries are some of the leading players on the Japan Golf Tour from ?
What is the Japan Challenge Tour ?
What else does the JGTO do ?
What is the developmental tour of the Japan Golf Tour ?
What is the abbreviation for the Japan Golf Tour Organization ?
How long has the Japan Golf Tour Organization been running ?
What is the nationality of most of the players on the Japan Golf Tour ?
How many times did Ozaki win ?
What list does Ozaki lead ?
How much money does Ozaki have ?
What does Ozaki lead ?
What has Ozaki been on tour ?
Who gets entry to The Open Championship ?
What is the name of the tournament that is given entry to The Open Championship ?
How many non - exempt players are in the Mizuno Open ?
To which event is entry for entry ?
Who is the winner of the Order of Merit ?
The top four non - exempt players from what tournament are from what ?
How many players are exempt from the money list ?
Two players not already exempt from what list are exempt from what ?
The top four players from the Mizuno Open are what ?
Two players are exempt from the money list ?
What superfamily is the Mordellidae a part of ?
What is the name of the species in the genus Mordella ?
What is the name of the Mordella luteosuturalis ?
What family is Mordella in ?
What religion has a patron saint assigned to each of its towns ?
Who are fiestas held to honor ?
What helped spread Christianity throughout the Philippines ?
What are peryas ?
Do some festivals focus on Islamic concepts ?
What is usually the main feature of the fiestas in the Philippines ?
What is one reason why fiestas are held in the Philippines ?
What did early festivals help do ?
When did the Philippines first have a patron saint assigned to each community ?
What were the first festivals in the Philippines meant to coincide with ?
How many festivals are there in the Philippines ?
What is another name for fiestas ?
What type of festivals are rooted in Christianity ?
What type of festivals are there in the Philippines ?
Who always had a patron saint ?
What type of religious services are held during fiestas ?
What is the origin of most Philippine festivals not limited to ?
What types of contests are held during the fiestas ?
What are peryas ?
What type of play is a fiesta marked by ?
Were early festivals originally encouraged ?
What type of concepts do many festivals focus on ?
How far back does the Philippines ' fiestas date back ?
What is the main reason for fiestas ?
What are the festivals in the Philippines called ?
What is one type of religious fiesta ?
What is another name for fiestas in the Philippines ?
Holy Week and Christmas are declared what ?
Along with Christmas , what is a festival declared as public holidays ?
What is the effect of declaring Holy Week and Christmas as public holidays ?
How many Gujarat State Film awards did Sadhana Sargam win ?
How many state awards did Sadhana Sargam win ?
What state award did Sadhana Sargam win ?
What is Sadhana Sargam ' s other career ?
What award did Sadhana Sargam win ?
How many awards has Sadhana Sargam won ?
What is Sadhana Sargam ' s career ?
In what languages has Sadhana Sargam recorded 15000 songs ?
How many songs has Sadhana Sargam recorded ?
What is Sadhana Sargam ' s career ?
How many bhajans and ghazals has Sadhana Sargam recorded ?
What has Sadhana Sargam done for the voice of her songs ?
What has been extensively recorded for many Indian films ?
Who is an Indian playback singer ?
Where has Sadhana Sargam been extensively recorded ?
What type of tracks has Sadhana Sargam recorded ?
Who has recorded many private albums ?
What did Sadhana Sargam ' s 2015 Sai bhajan " Sai Ram Sai Shyam " do ?
What kind of albums did Sadhana Sargam release ?
What has Sadhana Sargam done ?
What is the Sai bhajan Sadhana Sargam released in 2015 ?
What is the name of the mantra Sadhana Sargam uses in her devotional albums ?
What is one of Sadhana Sargam ' s devotional Hindu albums ?
What was the title of Sadhana Sargam ' s album ?
What are Sadhana Sargam ' s records in ?
What is one of Sadhana Sargam ' s devotional albums ?
How many devotional Hindu albums ?
What kind of music is Sadhana Sargam known for ?
What happened to the farm in 1963 ?
Who was Liliesleaf Farm used to be a safe house for ?
How many ANC leaders were arrested at Liliesleaf Farm ?
Where is Liliesleaf Farm located ?
What was Liliesleaf Farm used for for the African National Congress activists ?
What trial was held at Liliesleaf Farm ?
Where is Liliesleaf Farm located ?
What has the area been turned into since the end of apartheid ?
What is the name of the farm that was used as a safe house for ANC activists in the 1960s ?
What was James Cowan ' s occupation ?
What company did Cowan invest in ?
What was the name of Cowan ' s residence at Burnside ?
What was the new suburb named after Cowan ?
At what point was Cowan killed ?
What property was sub - divided after Cowan ' s death into a new suburb ?
What was the property associated with Erindale sub - divided into after his death ?
How long was Cowan in the South Australian House of Assembly ?
What was the name of the property that Cowan owned ?
What type of investor was Cowan ?
Are carpels reduced in the Moraceae ?
What is another name for the fig family ?
What does pseudanthia mean ?
What are the Moraceae a family of ?
Are the fig and banyan known as a plant ?
What is another name for the Moraceae ?
What are some useful characters of the Moraceae ?
What are the flowers of Moraceae called ?
How many carpels are the two carpels of Moraceae sometimes have ?
What is the Moraceae ?
What are the fruits of Moraceae ?
Where are the Moraceae less common ?
What is the presence of laticifers and milky sap in all parenchymatous tissues ?
Where are most Moraceae species found ?
Where are laticifers and milky sap found ?
What is a well - known plant in the Moraceae ?
What is the only synapomorphy within the Moraceae ?
What is the distribution of the Moraceae ?
How many genera are in the Moraceae ?
How many species of plants are in the Moraceae ?
What is another name for the Moraceae ?
When did the first rounds of the Sheffield Shield season take place ?
What is the 118th season of the Sheffield Shield ?
Who was the joint winner of player of the season ?
When did the 2019 - 20 Sheffield Shield season begin ?
Where is the home venue of the Australian national cricket team ?
Where is the home venue of the Australian cricket team ?
What is the Sheffield Shield ?
What is the name of the new south wales ?
What kind of series will the first four rounds of the Sheffield Shield season take place before ?
Why was the match called off on the second day of the sixth round of the Sheffield Shield ?
What league is the season break for ?
When is the scheduled end of the 2019 - 20 Sheffield Shield season ?
When will Cricket Australia name Nic Maddinson as the joint winner of player of the season ?
On what day was play suspended for 40 overs due to a dangerous pitch ?
What is the name of the trophy that is awarded to the winner of the Sheffield Shield ?
What match between Victoria and Western Australia was suspended for 40 overs due to a dangerous pitch ?
How many rounds of the Sheffield Shield season were played ?
What kind of competition is the Sheffield Shield ?
When did the 2019 - 20 Sheffield Shield season begin ?
What is the Big Bash League used for ?
How many season is the Sheffield Shield in Australia ?
What is the name of the team that played in the sixth round of the Sheffield Shield ?
On what day was play suspended after a dangerous pitch ?
What happened to the final round of matches ?
What happened to the title of the Sheffield Shield after the COVID - 19 pandemic ?
What was the cause of the match between New South Wales and Queensland being suspended ?
What did New South Wales finish on top of after the 9 rounds of the Sheffield Shield season ?
Who was the joint winner of player of the season ?
What did Cricket Australia name to Moises Henriques and Nic Maddinson ?
What was Victoria ' s title ?
Why was play suspended in the sixth round match between Victoria and Western Australia ?
What caused the smoke cloud in the match between New South Wales and Queensland to be suspended ?
How many times has New South Wales won the title ?
How long was play suspended during the first day of the sixth round match between Victoria and Western Australia ?
What caused the final round of matches and the final round of matches to be cancelled ?
Which round of matches were cancelled due to the COVID - 19 pandemic ?
What type of trams have replaced the majority of the Blackpool Tramway ' s services ?
How long ago did Volk ' s Electric Railway open ?
What type of tram is used on Bank Holidays ?
Is the Blackpool Tramway one of the few tramways in the world to use double - deck trams ?
What type of track does Volk ' s Electric Railway use ?
How many passengers did the Blackpool Tramway carry in the 2019 / 20 financial year ?
In what year does the Blackpool Tramway carry 4 . 8 million passengers ?
How long does the Blackpool Tramway run ?
What is the Blackpool Tramway ' s status as the second oldest in the world ?
How many first - generation town tramways are in the UK ?
What is another name for the Blackpool Tramway ?
The Blackpool Tramway and Volk ' s Electric Railway are the two surviving first - generation what in the UK ?
What is the Blackpool Tramway one of the ?
How far back does the Blackpool Tramway go ?
What is the name of the Blackpool Tramway ?
What type of trams are still used in the world ?
What type of tramway is the Blackpool Tramway ?
What country is the Blackpool Tramway in ?
How long have the Blackpool Tramway ' s services been operated by modern Bombardier Flexity 2 trams ?
How does Volk ' s Electric Railway compare to the Blackpool Tramway ?
On what days does the heritage service operate ?
What other tramways still use double - deck trams ?
What type of service operates on Bank Holidays ?
On what coast is the Blackpool Tramway located ?
Does the Blackpool Tramway include any other museums ?
How many passengers did the Blackpool Tramway carry in the 2019 / 20 financial year ?
What is the name of the company that operates the Blackpool Tramway ?
What is a notable feature of the Blackpool Tramway ?
On what day does a heritage service operate ?
What is the name of the Blackpool Tramway ?
How long does the Blackpool Tramway run ?
What is the historic center of Damariscotta ?
Where is the main area of Damariscotta located ?
What century is most of the downtown area of Damariscotta dated to ?
What is the main focus of the Main Street Historic District ?
How far back is the main area of Damariscotta dated ?
What is the main feature of the district ?
When was Damariscotta settled ?
What part of the 19th century is most of the downtown area of Damariscotta built ?
What is the main feature of the downtown area of Damariscotta ?
What is the main district on ?
What type of buildings are present in the downtown area ?
What event caused most of the downtown area of Damariscotta to be built ?
What is the main river in Damariscotta ?
What was John P Brown ' s nickname ?
What was the name of the city where John P Brown was born ?
What was John P Brown ' s career ?
When was John P Brown born ?
What is the name of the moth in Tanzania ?
What family is the moth of Temnora uluguru a part of ?
What is the wingspan of the moth ?
What is more uniformly brown - red ?
What part of the wing is less incised below the apex ?
What is the forewing underside of the moth ?
How is the ground color of the upperside of the moth ?
What is uniformly brick red ?
What is barely noticeable on the foreside of the moth ?
What is the wingspan of the moth very similar to ?
How is the outer margin of the forewing different from the Temnora burdoni ?
What is on the forewing underside of the moth ?
How is the triangular spot on the forewing ?
What was the name of the Supreme Magus of the Societas Rosicruciana in America ?
When was Plummer born ?
What did Plummer receive from Frater Sylvester Clark Gould ?
Who was the Supreme Magus of the Societas Rosicruciana in America ?
When did Plummer die ?
What office was Supreme Magus of the Societas Rosicruciana in America ?
What was the title of the Societas Rosicruciana in America ?
What group was Plummer the Supreme Magus of ?
What was the name of the new direction Plummer was in the Societas Rosicruciana in America ?
What date was Frater Sylvester Clark Gould born ?
When was Plummer killed ?
What was the organization given under Plummer ?
What was the age of Plummer ?
When was Eivind Nævdal - Bolstad born ?
What is Eivind Nævdal - Bolstad ' s occupation ?
What is the full name of Eivind Nævdal - Bolstad ?
What party is Eivind Nævdal - Bolstad a member of ?
During what period did he serve as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway ?
What did he meet with Henning Warloe ?
Who was he deputy of ?
What position did he hold in the Parliament of Norway ?
Where did he attend college ?
What council was he elected to in 2011 ?
What makes green furniture a good example of a product ?
What type of products can be easily removed from the factory ?
How can office chairs be recycled ?
What does the abbreviation C2C stand for ?
What is a good example of a green furniture product ?
What is the end of a product that is certified as green furniture ?
What is a good thing a green furniture product is made from ?
Where do green furniture come from ?
What is the definition of a green furniture ?
How is the symbol of green furniture used ?
What is the abbreviation for the MBDC ?
What type of product is green furniture ?
Who is the person who makes the furniture that is green ?
What is a tree symbolized as ?
What is the benefit of using green furniture ?
What is a good quality of green furniture ?
What can be separated into ?
What is the C2C system used to certify products ?
What is Mohammad Aktar ' s birth date ?
In what year did Mohammad Aktar compete ?
What is Mohammad Aktar ' s career ?
What is the full name of Mohammad Aktar ?
In what weight class did Mohammad Aktar compete in the 1980 Summer Olympics ?
What is a proposed university in Bangalore ?
What is Amruta Sinchana Spiritual University ?
What state is Amruta Sinchana Spiritual University proposed to be in ?
Where is Amruta Sinchana Spiritual University located ?
What is the name of the community that closed in 1949 ?
What happened to the post office in White Oak Junction ?
What countries are located in White Oak Junction ?
What is the status of White Oak Junction ?
In what county is White Oak Junction located ?
What is another name for White Oak Junction ?
What is the main focus of the film ?
Where does the movie Necropolis Awakened take place ?
What kind of film was Necropolis Awakened ?
What is the main problem with the genetic experimentation ?
What is the main focus of the film ?
What year was Necropolis Awakened ?
Who starred in the film Necropolis Awakened ?
What color was the actor in the film ?
What color was the main character of Necropolis Awakened ?
What is the title of the film ?
How does Garrett White play in the film ?
What is the main purpose of the movie Necropolis Awakened ?
What kind of person is in the film ?
What family are the Vallaris plants in ?
Where is the genus Vallaris native to ?
Where is the genus Vallaris native to ?
What is the common name for the species ?
What is another name for the bread flower ?
What is another name for the species ?
What is the name of the species that is bread flower ?
Where is the species naturalized ?
Where is Vallaris indecora found ?
What is the common name for this species ?
What is the name of the species of Vallaris indecora ?
What is a common name for Vallaris solanacea ?
Where is Vallaris solanacea from ?
What is the common name for the species ?
What is the common name for Vallaris solanacea ?
What is the other name for kallaris anceps ?
What is the name of the tree that is in Kibatalia gitingensis ?
What is the other name for Vallaris angustifolia ?
What is the name of the tree that Kibatalia macrophylla is in ?
What is another name for Vallaris arborea ?
What is another name for Echites clavatus ?
What is the other name for Vallaris clavata ?
What is the name of the species that is found in Kibatalia maingayi ?
What is another name for Vallaris daronensis ?
What is another name for Strophanthus divaricatus ?
What is another name for Strophanthus ?
What is the name of Euphorbia mammillaris ?
What is the other name for Vallaris fimbriata ?
What is another name for Kibatalia gitingensis ?
What is another name for Vallaris gitingensis ?
What is another name for Euphorbia ipecacuanhae ?
What is the name of the plant that Vallaris ipecacuanhae = ?
What is another name for Vallaris lancifolia ?
What is another name for Vallaris lancifolia ?
What is another name for Pottsia laxiflora ?
What is the other name for Vallaris laxiflora ?
What is another name for Beaumontia ?
What is another name for Vallaris macrantha ?
What is the name of the main character in the movie ?
What is another name for Vallaris maingayi ?
What is another name for Euphorbia missurica ?
What is the other name for Vallaris missurica ?
What is another name for Euphorbia portulacoides ?
What is the other name for Vallaris portulacoides ?
What is another name for Euphorbia × uniflora ?
What is another name for Vallaris × uniflora ?
What is the French title of the 1932 painting ?
What was the name of Picasso ' s mistress ?
What is the name of the painting that Picasso painted featuring Marie - Thérèse Walter ?
What was Marie - Thérèse Walter ' s title ?
What kind of leaves are on the painting ?
What year was the Nude , Green Leaves and Bust painted ?
Who were the Brodys ?
What was the price for the painting at auction ?
How long was the painting in the Brody ' s collection ?
In what collection did the Brodys own the painting ?
What is the name of the painting that was purchased for $ 106 . 5 million ?
How much did the Brodys pay for the painting ?
What did the Brodys do with the painting ?
What region is the Khalpili Islands in ?
What is the name of the Khalpili Islands ?
Where are the Khalpili Islands located ?
What archipelago is located in the Sea of Okhotsk ?
What is Anthony Biekman ' s date of birth ?
What ' s the league name for the Dutch football league ?
What is Anthony Biekman ' s career ?
What is the name of Anthony Biekman ' s last club ?
What ' s the name of Anthony Biekman ' s nickname ?
What does the Ahrdorf Formation do ?
What is the Ahrdorf Formation ?
What period do fossils from the Ahrdorf Formation date back to ?
What geologic formation preserves fossils dating back to the Devonian period ?
What is the chemical formula for iron ( II ) iodide ?
What kind of reactions is iron ( II ) iodide used in ?
What kind of compound is iron ( II ) iodide ?
Who is George Moroko ?
What is George Moroko ' s birth date ?
In what part of Sydney was George Moroko born ?
When did Moroko play for Western Suburbs ?
What is the name of George Moroko ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Who won the 1926 Open Championship ?
Did Harry Vardon make the cut in the Open ?
How long had Harry Vardon been in the Open ?
For what time was an admission fee charged for spectators ?
What kind of tournament did Harry Vardon miss his first cut in ?
How many times had Harry Vardon made the cut ?
How old was Harry Vardon when he missed his first cut in the Open Championship ?
What was charged for spectators at the Open ?
What did Harry Vardon miss in the Open Championship ?
What was the commonwealth of the szlachta families ?
Who used the Bajbuza coat of arms ?
What is the Bajbuza coat of arms ?
Who was the most famous composer of the Roman School ?
What did the term " Roman School " refer to the music they produced ?
How long has Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina been associated with smooth , clear polyphonic perfection ?
What eras did the Roman School span ?
What type of music did the Roman School compose ?
Who was the most famous composer of the Roman School ?
What school of music was associated with the Roman School ?
How long was the Roman School in music history ?
Where did the composers of the Roman School work ?
What is the name of the group of composers that produced church music ?
What is Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina ' s name associated with ?
What did many of the composers of the Roman School have a direct connection to ?
How did the Roman School and the Venetian School of composers differ stylistically ?
What is the Roman School known for ?
What era was the Roman School in ?
What was Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina ' s most famous ?
What type of connection did many of the composers have to the Vatican ?
What is the Venetian School of composers ?
During what century did the Roman School influence ?
Who was the other composer of the Roman School ?
Who is Hextall ?
How many seasons did Hextall play ?
What is the full name of the Canadian professional hockey goalkeeper ?
Who was Hextall promoted to general manager of the Philadelphia Flyers ?
What is the name of the team Hextall played for ?
Who did Hextall serve as an assistant general manager for ?
What is the date of Ronald Jeffrey Hextall ' s birth ?
What was Hextall ' s role with the Los Angeles Kings ?
What position did Hextall hold for the Flyers ?
On what date did Hextall become the general manager of the Philadelphia Flyers ?
What did the Los Angeles Kings win in 2012 ?
What is the French term for Hextall ?
How long did Hextall serve as assistant general manager for the Flyers ?
What did Hextall get involved with ?
How long did Hextall serve as the general manager of the Philadelphia Flyers ?
What record does Hextall hold with the Flyers ?
When did Hextall retire from the NHL ?
How many seasons did Hextall record a below 3 . 00 GAA ?
In what season did Hextall win the Vezina Trophy ?
What did Hextall lead the Flyers to in his rookie season ?
What happened to Hextall after his return to Philadelphia ?
How many seasons with the Flyers ?
What award did Hextall win ?
During what season was Hextall awarded the Vezina Trophy ?
How many players have won the Conn Smythe Trophy in a losing effort ?
How many seasons did Hextall play with the Flyers ?
What award did Hextall win in his rookie season ?
What award did Hextall win the Conn Smythe Trophy ?
How many stints did Hextall play with the Flyers ?
What was the Vezina Trophy given to Hextall ?
How many times was Hextall traded ?
How many games did the Flyers lose to the Edmonton Oilers in the Stanley Cup Finals ?
What was Hextall ' s lowest GAA ?
What did injuries in the middle of Hextall ' s career cause to drop in ?
In what way did Hextall win the Conn Smythe Trophy ?
What company did Hextall work for ?
What is Hextall a member of ?
Did Hextall have an average or average of his playing ability ?
In what season did Hextall score a goal ?
What did Hextall do with the number of penalty minutes he recorded ?
What did Hextall set new records for ?
What did Hextall ' s mobile style of play do to future NHL players ?
How many penalty minutes did Hextall have in each of his first three seasons ?
During what time period did Hextall have more than 100 penalty minutes ?
What was Hextall ' s first NHL goal ?
When did Hextall score in the playoffs ?
What was Hextall ' s first NHL goal ?
How many times was Hextall suspended for six or more games ?
What was Hextall ' s first penalty minutes ?
What did Hextall do to his defencemen ?
What style of play did Hextall use ?
What was the nickname given to Hextall ?
Where did Hextall shoot the puck into the opposing net ?
What was the nickname given to Hextall by his players ?
What was Hextall ' s nickname ?
Who was the first NHL goal scorer ?
Where did Hextall play the puck ?
What was Hextall known for being ?
What market does Lambrini dominate ?
What is Lambrini ' s hold on the British commercial perry market ?
What type of pear cider is Lambrini ?
What is another name for Lambrini ?
Who manufactures Lambrini ?
When was Lambrini created ?
What does lambrini do in the British commercial perry market ?
What was the format of The Mary Tyler Moore Hour ?
What was the title of the show ?
Who was the star of the show ?
How many episodes were there ?
How many seasons did the show run ?
What is the name of the show that aired during the time period ?
In what week did the show begin ?
What was the end of the episode that aired on June 10 , 1979 ?
What was the nickname of the character that Mary Tyler Moore had ?
What sort of show was The Mary Tyler Moore Hour ?
Where was Djoueria Abdallah from ?
What constituency did Abdallah represent ?
What is the name of the Comorian politician ?
What is Djoueria Abdallah ' s profession ?
What did Djoueria Abdallah do as a member of the Assembly of the Union ?
As of 2007 , what was Abdallah ' s position in the Assembly ?
What subfamily is Hyperthaema punctata a member of ?
What is the name of the moth in the subfamily Arctiinae ?
Where is the moth found ?
What is the name of the oblast ?
What is another name for Khmelnytskyi Oblast ?
What is the name of the oblast in western Ukraine ?
What is the name of the oblast ?
What part of Ukraine is Khmelnytskyi Oblast located in ?
What is the name of the province in western Ukraine ?
What is in the city of Khmelnytskyi ?
What was the name of the Reichskommissariat Ukraine ?
What happened after the official rename of the region ?
What happened to the German occupation in the region ?
What was removed from the region in 1944 ?
What was removed from the region in 1944 ?
What is the population of the Oblast ?
When was the Kamianets - Podilsky Oblast renamed to ?
When was the region under Nazi Germany occupation ?
What was the former name of the region ?
When was the Kamianets - Podilsky Oblast renamed to Khmelnytskyi ?
What is the name of the oblast in the city of Khmelnytskyi ?
What was the former name of the region ?
What was the name of the 1944 pocket ?
What happened to the region ' s administrative center to Khmelnytskyi ?
What operation was the Kamenets - Podolsky pocket part of ?
What was the original area of the Oblast created out of ?
What is the current estimated population of the Oblast ?
What was renamed to Khmelnytskyi ?
What is the latest estimate for the population of the Oblast ?
What was the previous name of the region ?
In what region of Queensland is the Canambie Homestead located ?
When was the Canambie Homestead added to the Queensland Heritage Register ?
Where is the Canambie Homestead located ?
Where is the Canambie Homestead listed ?
What is the name of the property that is known as Joseph Dixon ' s House ?
What is the Canambie Homestead ?
What is another name for Joseph Dixon ' s House ?
1883 ?
What is the Canambie Homestead also known as ?
What is the name of the Ross Volunteers ?
What is the name of the Ross Volunteer Company ?
What is the Ross Volunteers ?
How are the Ross Volunteers known ?
What type of game is the Falcon ' s Revenge module ?
What was Falcon ' s Revenge ?
What is the game Falcon ' s Revenge for ?
What type of dungeons is the Falcon ' s Revenge module ?
What is Fei Comodo ' s second album ?
What was the name of the song on the album ?
What extras were included in the special edition of the album ?
What was the special edition of the album ?
What was included in the special edition of the album ?
What is the name of the album that Fei Comodo released ?
When was the album originally supposed to be released ?
What kind of edition of the album contained acoustic performances , guitar tutorials and two music videos ?
When was the album originally supposed to be released ?
What day was the album ' s release date ?
What was included in the special edition of the album ?
What is the main theme of the album ?
What was the name of the special edition of Behind The Bright Lights ?
What was included in the special edition of the album ?
What type of singer is Vasiljka Jezovšek ?
What is the name of the German opera soprano ?
When was Vasiljka Jezovšek born ?
When was Sally Ruben Henriques born ?
What was the name of the painting that Sally Ruben Henriques painted ?
What was Sally Ruben Henriques ' s profession ?
What is the literal meaning of Koh - i - Takatu ?
Where is Koh - i - Takatu ?
What mountain range is Koh - i - Takatu located in ?
In what part of Pakistan is Koh - i - Takatu located ?
What is the local name for Koh - i - Takatu ?
What district is Koh - i - Takatu located in ?
What direction is Koh - i - Takatu in relation to Quetta ?
What province is the Koh - i - Takatu located in ?
How tall is Loai Saar ?
Where does Loai Saar rank in Balochistan ?
Where does Loai Saar rank in Quetta District ?
What is Loai Saar ?
Loai Saar is the second highest peak of what district ?
What is Loai Saar ?
What is another name for Loai Saar ?
What is the highest peak of the mountain range ?
How tall is Loai Saar ?
What was the name of the person who prevented the assassination attempt on George III ?
What was David Moses ben Meir Dyte ' s occupation ?
What did Dyte ask for as a reward ?
Where was Dyte when he was shot ?
Who was Dyte when he was shot ?
When was David Moses ben Meir Dyte alive ?
When was the assassination attempt on George III made ?
Who was Dyte appointed ' Purveyor of Pens and Quills to ?
What was the play about the incident ?
What was the only reward for the assassination attempt ?
At what theater was the play She Would and She Would Not performed ?
Where was the monopoly on opera tickets held at ?
What was the reason that Dyte did not sell opera tickets ?
Who made an assassination attempt on George III ?
What was the name of the rubinstein that was used to stop Hadfield ' s assassination attempt ?
What happened to the King ?
What was the play Jew Dyte ' s role in the assassination attempt ?
Where was the Theatre Royal , Drury Lane ?
What did David Moses ben Meir Dyte prevent ?
What board of Guardians did Dyte serve on ?
What position did Dyte hold to the Blind Society ?
To what society did Henry Dyte serve as Honorary Secretary ?
Who was the father of Henry Dyte ?
Who was the father of Henry Dyte ?
When was Semra Ertan alive ?
What was Semra Ertan ' s occupation ?
What was the name of the Turkish migrant worker who set herself on fire ?
In what part of Hamburg did Semra Ertan set herself on fire ?
What is Bandi ' s other career ?
What is the date of Philipp Bandi ' s birth ?
Along with the 5000 metres , what kind of events does Bandi compete in ?
When did Bandi compete in the 5000 metres ?
What kind of track is Bandi known for ?
Who is the name of the Swiss track and field athlete who competes in the 5000 metres ?
Who did not qualify for the final of the 5000 metres ?
Which race did Bandi fail to qualify for the final ?
Who did Faces Magazine name Leskinen as one of ?
What was the first time a woman had pulled off a rodeo ?
At what event did Leskinen win a bronze medal in the Women ' s Superpipe ?
What was the first rotation of a rodeo 720 ?
What was Kristi Leskinen ' s date of birth ?
What is Leskinen ' s career ?
What magazine named Leskinen one of the twenty greatest athletes of the year ?
What was the cover of Powder magazine in 2004 ?
What did Faces Magazine give to Leskinen ?
Who was Kristi Leskinen ?
Who named Leskinen one of the Twenty Greatest Adventure Sport Athletes of today ?
What was Kristi Leskinen the first woman to do ?
What medal did Leskinen win at the Winter X Games IX ?
What is the name of the first woman to ever pull off a rodeo 720 ?
What is the Persian name for Khosraviyeh ?
In what rural district is Khosraviyeh located ?
In what province is Khosraviyeh located ?
In what district of Faruj County is Khosraviyeh located ?
In what county is Khosraviyeh located ?
When was the population of Khosraviyeh 615 ?
How many families are in Khosraviyeh ?
What is the title of Tim Story ' s film ?
Who starred in the film Hurricane Season ?
Was the movie released ?
What is the title of the film ?
What ' s the title of the movie that was delayed several times ?
How was the movie released ?
Who produced the film Hurricane Season ?
Who wrote the script for the film Hurricane Season ?
Who produced the film Hurricane Season ?
What is the title of the movie ?
What is the title of the 2009 sports drama film ?
When was the movie ' Hurricane Season ' released ?
What actor starred in the film Hurricane Season ?
What kind of shell is Pyrgocythara filosa ?
What kind of creature is Pyrgocythara filosa ?
What is the name of the species in the Mangeliidae ?
What family is Pyrgocythara filosa in ?
How often is the NDS expected to be produced ?
Who produces the NDS ?
Who produces the NDS ?
Is the NDS available for the public ?
What does the NDS serve as ?
What does the NDS translate and refine ?
What does the NDS translate and refine the National Security Strategy into ?
Who is in charge of the NDS ?
What does the OSD produce ?
What is the NDS used for ?
What is the NDS used for ?
What is one of the areas the NDS is used to guide military planning ?
What is one of the areas the NDS is used to guide military planning ?
What is one of the areas the NDS translates into ?
What does the NDS do to the National Security Strategy ?
What does the NDS do ?
What is the CJCS ' s role in the NMS ?
What is the NMS used for ?
What does the NMS provide ?
How do the NMS and NMS work together ?
What is the National Military Strategy ( NMS ) ?
Who does the CJCS provide advice to ?
What is the difference between the NMS and the NMS ?
Who wrote the National Military Strategy ?
Is the CJCS able to provide a contrary opinion ?
What is one of the things the NMS provides guidance on ?
Along with modernization , force structure , and force planning , what other military aspect does the NMS provide ?
What does the NMS provide to the US military ?
What can the CJCS provide when the NMS is used ?
What is the abbreviation for the National Military Strategy ?
What does the NDS replace ?
What does the NDS become to the Quadrennial Defense Review ?
What is the abbreviation for the NDS ?
What is the NDS ' s successor to the Quadrennial Defense Review ?
What was the year that Douglas Arnold Flower was born ?
What is the name of the flower that Douglas Arnold Flower was a member of ?
On what date was Douglas Arnold Flower born ?
What is the name of the city Flower represented ?
What party was Flower a member of ?
In what body did Flower serve from 1967 to 1970 ?
What was Flower ' s political career ?
What is the name of the municipality in which Shrewsbury is located ?
Where is Shrewsbury located ?
What is a name for a town in Quebec ?
What is the name of the ghost town in Quebec ?
What is the name of the ghost church ?
What was the ghost church ?
When was James Edward Ferguson Jr . born ?
What was the name of the person who impeached Ferguson ?
How many terms did Ferguson serve as governor of Texas ?
What was James Edward Ferguson Jr . ' s political affiliation ?
What was James Edward Ferguson Jr . ' s death date ?
What was James Edward Ferguson Jr . ' s nickname ?
Who was " Ma " Ferguson ?
How many times was Ma Ferguson elected governor of Texas ?
During which term was Ferguson impeached ?
What was Ferguson ' s nickname in Texas ?
What was James Edward Ferguson Jr . ' s birth date ?
What was Ferguson Jr . ' s position in Texas ?
What event took place in 1939 ?
Who organized the 8th Chess Olympiad ?
What event was the 8th Chess Olympiad ?
What kind of contest was included in the 8th Chess Olympiad ?
What was the size of the Women ' s World Championship contest ?
What was the name of the Chess Olympiad ?
When did the 8th Chess Olympiad end ?
When was the book Pawns in a Greater Game published ?
The book Pawns in a what game is the title of what ?
What is the Spanish word for ' chess ' ?
On what date was the 8th Chess Olympiad held ?
What was not held until 1950 ?
What event caused the Chess Olympiad to be suspended ?
What happened to the Chess Olympiad after the end of the 8th Olympiad ?
What was suspended indefinitely after the 8th Olympiad ?
What chess event was suspended after the end of ?
Why was the Chess Olympiad suspended indefinitely ?
A physical machine can be partitioned into what ?
What does LPAR stand for ?
A logical partition is virtualized as what ?
What can be partitioned into multiple logical partitions ?
A logical partition can host a separate instance of what ?
A logical partition is a subset of what ?
How is a logical partition virtualized ?
What is the name of the school in Mitchell ' s plain ?
Where is Aloe Secondary School located ?
Where is Aloe Secondary School located ?
The Novardok Yeshiva was one of the biggest and most important yeshivas in pre - what ?
What did The Alter spend in a different town ?
Who was the director of the Novardok Yeshiva ?
Who was the pupil of Rabbi Yosef Yozel Horwitz ?
What is the Alter fun Novardok ?
What was the Novardok Yeshiva ' s impact on the Mussar movement ?
What was the Yiddish term for the elder of Novardok ?
What is the Yiddish term for " the elder of Novardok " ?
What was Rabbi Yosef Yozel Horwitz ' s attitude towards the Mussar approach ?
What was the Novardok Yeshiva in Navahrudak ?
What were the names of the yeshivas that were created after the Novardok Yeshiva ?
The Novardok Yeshiva was a powerful force within what movement ?
What approach did Rabbi Horwitz advocate ?
Who was the Novardok yeshiva ' s Kollel for ?
Where did the Alter spend nearly every Shabbos ?
What happened to the Musar yeshivas ?
Were the directors of the Novardok yeshivas in contact with The Alter ?
What is another name for a Novardok yeshiva ?
What network of yeshivas was created after the Novardok Yeshiva ?
What was the Novardok Yeshiva considered to be ?
What was the name of the yeshiva that Rabbi Yosef Yozel Horwitz attended ?
What did the Alter do to lead the yeshivas ?
What did Novardok ' s students do ?
What did Novardok do ?
What was one of the highlights of the Novardok yeshiva ' s mussar program ?
What did the mussar hour do ?
What was one of the highlights of the yeshiva ' s ?
Novardok ' s students created yeshivas in what city ?
Where did Novardok establish his yeshivas ?
Where did Novardok establish yeshivas ?
What type of searching did students engage in during the mussar hour ?
What was Jack Brabham ' s final place in the race ?
What was the name of the South African Grand Prix ?
What was Jo Bonnier ' s place in the race ?
Who was Stirling Moss ?
What kind of rules were used for the 7th South African Grand Prix ?
What was Stirling Moss ' s first place in the race ?
What place did Stirling Moss take in the 7th South African Grand Prix ?
What did Jo Bonnier set in the race ?
In what part of London was the 7th South African Grand Prix held ?
What did Stirling Moss do in the race ?
What was Jo Bonnier ' s fastest lap ?
How many laps of the circuit was the 7th South African Grand Prix run ?
On what day was the 7th South African Grand Prix held ?
What type of race was the 7th South African Grand Prix ?
What was the name of the race in 1960 ?
What was the name of the 1960 South African Grand Prix ?
When was the 7th South African Grand Prix held ?
What is the pronunciation of Osojnik ?
In what region of Slovenia is Osojnik located ?
What is Osojnik ?
What is the Vietnamese name for the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
What is the Korean name for the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
What area were the Korean Marines transferred to ?
What was the name of the massacre of unarmed citizens in Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất ?
Where was the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
Where were the Korean Marines sent to Da Nang ?
What was the location of the villages Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất ?
What district was Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất located in ?
What was one of the reasons the transfer of Korean Marines to Da Nang caused problems ?
What province was the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
What unit was responsible for the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
When was the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre reported to have happened ?
Where was the massacre of unarmed citizens reported to have taken place ?
Where was the massacre of unarmed citizens reported to have taken place ?
What was unpopular with the US and ARVN commanders ?
Who were the civilians killed in the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
Who were the civilians killed in the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
Where was the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
What was the result of the attack on Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất ?
Who was responsible for the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
Where was the location of the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
Who was unhappy with the transfer of Korean marines to Da Nang ?
Who was killed in the Phong Nhị and Phong Nhất massacre ?
What event caused the Korean forces to transfer to Da Nang ?
What had happened to the South Korean forces in the area ?
What was being hindered by the transfer of Korean Marines to Da Nang ?
What was Prince ' s Sign o ' the Times ?
Who is Prince ?
What is the title of the song ?
On what date was the live performance of Strange Relationship made available on Prince ' s website ?
What happened to the live performance of Strange Relationship on Prince ' s website ?
What kind of performance of the song was released as a digital single in 2005 ?
What form was the live performance of Strange Relationship released in 2005 ?
What was the name of the 3 LP album that Prince was going to release ?
What instrument was added to the mix of the song Strange Relationship ?
What did the reworked song give the song ?
During what period was Prince ' s recording career in 1983 ?
What project was the song originally slated for in 1986 ?
What happened to the album after the album was shortened to three LPs ?
What is the name of the song that Prince recorded in 1983 ?
What happened to Prince to trim the album ?
What did the released version of the song do to the sitar and wood flute ?
When was Crystal Ball supposed to be released ?
What song has a long history ?
What happened to the album after the 3 LPs were cut down ?
What version of the song was released on Piano and a Microphone 1983 in 2018 ?
What is the term for a song that has an unusual Indian sound ?
How many LPs did Prince have to trim the album to ?
How long did the song stay in Prince ' s vault ?
What was Prince ' s prolific during the 1980s ?
Did Prince use the song for the Dream Factory project ?
What does the song Strange Relationship have ?
How was the song Strange Relationship originally recorded ?
What happened to the Strange Relationship album ?
What influence was removed from the released version of Strange Relationship ?
When was the song Strange Relationship first recorded ?
What was the name of the regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War ?
What war did the 1st Wisconsin Infantry Regiment fight in ?
What type of regiment was the 1st Wisconsin Infantry Regiment ?
What army did the 1st Wisconsin Infantry Regiment serve in ?
How long was the time it took the 1st Wisconsin Infantry Regiment to fight ?
What is Mel Tormé ' s career ?
What is the name of the person who has recorded Mel Tormé ?
What is the name of the professional basketball club from Čapljina ?
In what year did the Hrvatski košarkaški klub Čapljina win the Herceg - Bosne championship ?
In what year did the Hrvatski košarkaški klub Čapljina win the Herceg - Bosne championship ?
When did the Hrvatski košarkaški klub Čapljina win the inaugural Herceg - Bosne championship ?
What kind of club is Hrvatski košarkaški klub Čapljina ?
What championship did the Hrvatski košarkaški klub Čapljina win in 1993 - 94 ?
What championship did the Hrvatski košarkaški klub Čapljina win in 1993 - 94 ?
What is the Father of ?
What is Clive Finkelstein ' s profession ?
What is the full name of Clive Finkelstein ?
1939 ?
What is the amount of the rebate that the Oregon Constitution mandates that a tax rebate be issued ?
When is the Oregon tax rebate issued ?
When is the kicker rebate issued ?
What was the name of the first Oregon law that allowed the kicker to be issued ?
What does the Oregon tax rebate law mandate ?
What is the kicker ?
How was the Oregon tax rebate first passed ?
Where is the Oregon tax rebate found ?
What is the Oregon tax rebate required to exceed ?
What is the Oregon tax rebate given to ?
What is the kicker ?
When was the Oregon tax rebate passed ?
Who else can get a tax rebate ?
How is the Oregon tax rebate referred to ?
What is the kicker check a complement to ?
How does the Oregon Department of Revenue distribute the rebate to individuals ?
What does the kicker do ?
What is the purpose of the balanced budget amendment ?
What is the official name of the Oregon Department of Revenue ?
What size of surpluses are prevented by the kicker check ?
What is the rebate known as to Oregonians ?
What kind of schools are provided additional funding if the corporate kick is triggered ?
Where is the excess rebate given to ?
What is the purpose of the corporate kick ?
What was the name of the measure that gave the corporate rebate to the state ?
What is triggered when the excess is returned to the state general fund ?
What was the Bentonville Mustangs ?
What was the previous name of the Bentonville Mustangs ?
What league did the Bentonville Mustangs play in ?
What league did the Bentonville Mustangs play in ?
What was the nickname of the Bentonville Mustangs ?
What movement did Klonsky work with ?
What movement did Klonsky work with ?
What is Michael Klonsky ' s political career ?
What is Michael Klonsky ' s real name ?
What is the name of the group Klonsky worked with ?
When was Michael Klonsky born ?
What is Michael Klonsky ' s profession ?
What was the rank of Erich - Michael Hoffmann ?
What war was the U - 738 built for ?
What was the nationality of the person who commanded the U - 738 ?
What was the German submarine U - 738 ?
When was the keel of the U - 738 laid ?
When was the U - 738 commissioned ?
What was the nationality of the commander of the U - 738 ?
What was the first person to be in charge of a U - boat ?
What was the U - 738 ?
How many species of fish are found in Tennessee ?
What is the name of the species found in Tennessee ?
What is the name of the plains minnow ?
What direction does it flow in the western plains ?
Where is the species found ?
What is the name of the river that the species is found in ?
What area is the species common ?
What is the western plains ?
What is the name of the new mexico ?
What is the common name for the western shiner ?
What is the USP1 gene ?
What is the gene that encodes Ubiquitin carboxyl - terminal hydrolase 1 in humans ?
What else does the USP1 gene cleave from ?
What does UBP stand for ?
What does the USP1 gene encode ?
What is another name for ubiquitin - fused precursors ?
What is one domain that the DUB has ?
What does the USP1 gene cleave from ubiquitin - fused precursors and ubiquitinylated proteins ?
What is the gene for the USP1 gene ?
What does DUB stand for ?
What has been characterized for the gene ?
What is the function of the protein deubiquitinates ?
What is the function of the protein in the Fanconi anemia DNA repair pathway ?
What is the acronym FA ?
What commission was Spain appointed to ?
What was the year of Jayne Baker Spain ' s death ?
What was the name of the person who appointed Spain to the US Civil Service Commission ?
What was the nickname of Spain ?
What was the age of Jayne Baker Spain ?
Who was Jayne Baker Spain ?
What kind of orchestra is the Afghan Youth Orchestra ?
What is the Afghan Youth Orchestra ?
Who founded the Afghan Youth Orchestra ?
What did the orchestra do in 2013 ?
What is the goal of the Afghan Youth Orchestra ?
Where did the Afghan Youth Orchestra travel to in 2013 ?
For whom did the Afghan Youth Orchestra perform in 2013 ?
How many awards has Whitcomb won ?
What contest did Whitcomb win ?
What is the date of Laura Whitcomb ' s birth ?
Who has optioned the book A Certain Slant of Light ?
What is the title of Laura Whitcomb ' s book ?
How well known is Laura Whitcomb ' s book A Certain Slant of Light ?
What is Laura Whitcomb ' s profession ?
Who is Laura Whitcomb ' s real name ?
What is the party of the Roma ?
What is the Romani name for The Party of the Roma ?
What is the Romanian name for the Social Democratic Party of the Roma ?
How many seats does the Party of the Roma have in the Romanian Chamber of Deputies ?
What was the previous name of the Party of the Roma ?
What is the Party of the Roma ?
What is the party ' s name in Romanian ?
What is the party of the Roma ?
What kind of party is the Party of the Roma ?
Who is the leader of the Party of the Roma ?
In what chamber does the Party of the Roma have one reserved seat ?
What is Yulia Sister ' s Hebrew name ?
What is Yulia Sister ' s Russian name ?
Where is the Research Centre for Russian Jews located ?
What was the date of Yulia Sister ?
What is Yulia Sister researching ?
What is the name of Yulia ' s sister ?
What is Yulia Sister ' s nationality ?
What is Yulia Sister ' s profession ?
What is the Director General of ?
What is the profession of Yulia Sister ?
What position does Sister hold in the Research Centre for Russian Jews abroad and in Israel ?
What is the main research of Yulia Sister ?
What is the profession of Yulia Sister ?
When did Jean Chrétien Fischer die ?
What was the German name of Jean Chrétien Fischer ?
What was the French name for Fischer ?
When was Jean Chrétien Fischer born ?
What was the military service of Jean Chrétien Fischer ?
What was Jean Chrétien Fischer ' s occupation ?
What was Catalanotto ' s left hand ?
Who is Frank John Catalanotto ?
What college is Catalanotto the head coach of ?
What positions did Catalanotto play in his career ?
Where is Catalanotto ' s current head coach ?
What is Catalanotto ' s position with the New York Institute of Technology college baseball team ?
What is the date of Frank John Catalanotto ?
What is the nickname of Frank John Catalanotto ?
What infield position did he play ?
What was Catalanotto ' s arm position ?
What was the only outfield position Catalanotto played in ?
What does the first and third main chain CO groups do ?
What binds the cations ?
What does each catgrip consist of ?
What does each catgrip consist of ?
What do catgrips lack ?
What are the alternating D , L residues in cyclic hexapeptides made from ?
What do many catgrips do ?
What do many catgrips bind ?
What are some matrix metalloproteinases ?
What is made from alternating D , L amino acids ?
What are catgrips ?
What are catgrips ?
What enzyme can catgrips be found as calcium - binding features in ?
What is a common example of a catgrip ?
How are catgrips found in synthetic peptides ?
Where are catgrips found ?
What type of molecule do catgrips bind ?
What cation is bound by a cation ?
What are the second and third amino acids in the nest defined by ?
The CO groups of what amino acid residues are liable to be electrostatically attracted or hydrogen bonded to a positively charged atom or group ?
What other amino acids are in a catgrip ?
What is another term for a positively charged atom or group ?
What is the charge of a partially charged atom or group ?
What is one way a CO group can be attracted to a positively charged , or partially charged , atom or group ?
What are the CO groups of the first and third amino acid residues liable to be ?
What groups are liable to be electrostatically attracted to a positively charged atom or group ?
What does the niche bind ?
What can be one , two , three metal ions ?
What is the niche ?
What type of CO groups are present in residues i , i + 2 and i + 4 of Cas9 endonuclease ?
What is the niche ?
What is the code for residues 586 - 590 of Cas9 endonuclease ?
What does the niche ( protein structural motif ) do ?
What can overlap catgrips bind ?
What number residues are residue i of catgrips ?
What two residues are both residue i of catgrips ?
What happens when two residues are both residue i of catgrips ?
What do the mainchain CO groups from residues i , i + 2 and i + 4 do ?
How many residues are residue i of catgrips ?
What residues in Cas9 endonuclease can bind a magnesium ion ?
What do the mainchain CO groups from residues i , i + 2 and i + 4 bind ?
What happens if three successive residues are residue i of catgrips ?
What is formed when two successive residues are both residue i of catgrips ?
Rects 586 - 590 of what enzyme can bind a magnesium ion ?
What is the design style of the John Meyer House ?
What type of door is found in the John Meyer House ?
What is another name for the John Meyer House ?
What is the name of the John Meyer House ?
What type of roof does the John Meyer House have ?
Where is the John Meyer House ?
What is on the property ?
What was the foundation for the John Meyer House ?
What is the listing of the John Meyer House in 2000 ?
What is found in the facade of the house ?
What was the John Meyer House listed on in 2000 ?
In what county is the John Meyer House located ?
How many stories is the smokehouse on the property ?
How many stories is the smokehouse ?
What is the name of the Mary Eckelkamp House ?
When was Richard Grenville born ?
What was Richard Grenville ' s nickname ?
When did Richard Grenville die ?
What is the name of the municipality ?
What is the population of Fuente el Olmo de Fuentidueña ?
In what year did the population of Fuente el Olmo de Fuentidueña come to be ?
What is the population of the municipality in 2004 ?
Where is Fuente el Olmo de Fuentidueña located ?
How did Recreativo do Libolo win the 2015 Angola basketball cup ?
What is the Angola basketball cup ?
What is the second most important basketball competition in Angola ?
What was used to determine the final stage of the Angola basketball cup ?
How many matches was the final played ?
On what date did the final stage of the 2015 basketball cup begin ?
What was the second leg of the final ?
What kind of competition system is used in the final stage of the Angola basketball cup ?
How many teams competed in the final stage of the Angola basketball cup ?
When did the final stage of the Angola basketball cup begin ?
What stage of the 2015 basketball cup was played from March 10 to April 10 , 2015 ?
What year did the Angola basketball cup last ?
What is the purpose of the frequency range FR1 ?
How are the frequency bands for 5G NR separated into ?
What is a drawback of the frequency bands in the FR2 frequency range ?
What frequency range does the FR2 frequency band cover ?
What frequency range includes frequency bands from 24 . 25 GHz to 52 . 6 GHz ?
What frequency range includes sub - 6GHz frequency bands ?
What are some of the sub - 6GHz frequency bands used by previous standards ?
What frequency bands are included in the FR1 frequency range ?
What does the frequency range 2 ( FR2 ) do ?
What does the Frequency Range 2 include ?
What is the difference between bands in the FR2 frequency range and bands in the FR1 ?
What does the frequency range of the frequency bands ?
Who used the bands used by whom ?
What frequency range has been extended to cover new spectrum offerings from 410 MHz to what ?
What frequency band is included in the FR1 frequency range ?
What frequency range is being separated into two frequency ranges ?
What frequency band has been extended to cover new spectrum offerings ?
What is the highest frequency band in the FR2 frequency range ?
What is the exact location of Mount Hornsby ?
What is the coordinates for Mount Hornsby ?
What is the exact location of Shortcut Col ?
What did Richard Hornsby & Sons design and build for the British War Office ?
What is the range of the col that Mount Hornsby is located in ?
What did FIDS use to map Mount Hornsby ?
During what years were caterpillar tractors built ?
What is Mount Hornsby ?
When was Mount Hornsby mapped ?
What is located south of Mount Hornsby ?
What is the name given to the col that provides a useful shortcut across the glacier ?
When was Mount Hornsby mapped ?
What is Mount Hornsby ?
What were the chain - track vehicles that Richard Hornsby & Sons built ?
For whom did Richard Hornsby & Sons build chain - track vehicles ?
Why is Shortcut Col named ?
Why was Shortcut Col named ?
What is Shortcut Col ?
On what peninsula is Mount Hornsby located ?
What type of vehicles did Richard Hornsby & Sons create ?
On what side of the middle reaches of Sjogren Glacier is Mount Hornsby located ?
What is the name for Mount Hornsby ?
What type of rock is on Mount Hornsby ?
Who named Mount Hornsby ?
What is the name for the mountain that is on the south side of Sjogren Glacier ?
In which part of the Sjogren Glacier is Mount Hornsby located ?
What is Longing Gap ?
What does Shortcut Col avoid ?
Where is Shortcut Col located ?
What is the shape of Mount Hornsby ?
What glacier is Mount Hornsby on the south side of ?
How long has Wyoming had a state auditor ?
What is the main concern of the state auditor ?
Who has Wyoming had since statehood ?
What is the Wyoming State Auditor ?
What is one way that the state auditor protects public money ?
Who was the previous office of the Wyoming State Auditor ?
What is the top priority of the state auditor ?
How does the auditor protect public money ?
What is the top priority of the state auditor ?
Along with the chief comptroller , what other role does the Wyoming State Auditor have ?
Who is the state auditor ?
Along with transparency , what is the top priority of the state auditor ?
Along with the payroll officer , what role does the Wyoming State Auditor serve ?
What is Kristi Racines ' job title ?
What class did Bennett compete in at the 2012 Summer Olympics ?
What is Andrea Aldana Bennett ' s career ?
What is the name of Andrea Bennett ' s nickname ?
When did Bennett compete in the Women ' s Laser Radial class ?
What was Bennett ' s finish in the 2012 Summer Olympics ?
What is Sore ' s second album ?
What is Sore ' s second album ?
What is Sore ' s second album ?
In what year did Drumcondra win the league ?
How many teams competed in the 1964 / 1965 League of Ireland ?
What is Davies ' career ?
What is the name of the fruit that Davies grew up with ?
What is Davies ' date of birth ?
Did Davies set any records at Brooks School ?
What team has Davies been capped for ?
What team did Davies sign a professional contract with ?
How many total goals has Davies scored for the United States national team ?
What did Davies sign with Hammarby IF in December 2006 ?
How many times has Davies been for the US national team ?
What was Davies ' s college team ?
What was the first time Davies was called up to the US national team ?
What college team did Davies play for ?
When did Davies join Sochaux ?
What did Davies do in July 2009 ?
At what school did Davies set several soccer records ?
When did Davies sign his first professional contract ?
What was Davies ' high school ?
What accident caused Davies to be injured ?
On what road did Davies get involved in a serious crash ?
What competition did Davies miss after the crash ?
What was Davies ' cause of death ?
What day of the week was Davies injured in a serious crash ?
What career did Davies lose in the crash ?
Who was killed in the accident ?
What did Davies ' s international career do to his career ?
What did Davies suffer from after the crash ?
What was the name of the band that announced Davies ' diagnosis ?
On what date was Davies diagnosed with cancer ?
What is the name of the New England Revolution ?
What role does Davies have with the New England Revolution ?
What year will Davies become the main color commentator for the New England Revolution ?
Who is the color commentator for the New England Revolution ?
When was Oreste Casalini born ?
What is the Italian word for " oreste " ?
What was Oreste Casalini ' s career ?
What family is Ceratophyllus olsufjevi in ?
What is the name of the species of flea in the family Ceratophyllidae ?
What is the FCC licensed ?
What is one way to sort the radio stations in Illinois ?
What is one way to sort the radio stations in Illinois ?
What subfamily is Abacetus haemorrhous in ?
What kind of insect is Abacetus haemorrhous ?
What is the name of the species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae ?
What is the common name for Thelephora terrestris ?
What is the name of the fungus that is known as the Earthfan fungus ?
What is a common characteristic of the fungus ?
What is the definition of the type of fungus that Thelephora terrestris is ?
Is the fungus known as the Fiber Vase ?
What phylum is Thelephora terrestris in ?
What is another name for Thelephora terrestris ?
What is Ángel Manuel Pagan ' s career ?
What type of baseball did Pagan play ?
What is the name of Ángel Manuel Pagán ' s nickname ?
What is the name of the song that Pagan sang ?
What is the name of the album that Ángel Manuel Pagán recorded ?
What was Ángel Manuel Pagan ' s birth date ?
What is the name of the animal that Pagan is known for being known for being ?
What is the Japanese word for Pagan ?
What does MLB stand for ?
What role was Pagan used in his career ?
What is the name of the word that means " new york " in English ?
When was Pagan traded back to the Mets ?
What is the Spanish word for a play ?
What happened to Pagan in 2016 ?
What position did Pagan switch to in 2016 ?
What was Pagan ' s status as a player in April of 2017 ?
When was Pagan traded to the San Francisco Giants ?
What animals are part of Pagan ' s team ?
When did Pagan announce he would not be playing for the 2017 season ?
What is the Spanish word for " what " ?
What season did Pagan announce he would not be playing for ?
When was Pagan traded back to the Mets ?
What happened to Pagan after the 2008 season ?
What was Pagan ' s contract in MLB ?
When was Chantal Schertz born ?
At what event did Schertz win a bronze medal ?
What is Chantal Schertz ' s career ?
What type of relay did Chantal Schertz compete in ?
In what year did Schertz finish sixth in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay ?
What type of relay did Chantal Schertz compete in ?
What place did she take in the 1976 Olympics ?
What is the French word for Chantal Schertz ?
What medal did Schertz win in the 4 × 100 m freestyle relay at the 1974 European Aquatics Championships ?
When was Joseph Byrne alive ?
What is Byrne ' s body armor said to have been designed for ?
When did Joseph Byrne die ?
What did Ned Kelly and his gang use ?
What was the final confrontation with police that the Kelly Gang had ?
What was Joseph Byrne ' s life span ?
What did Byrne ' s nickname ?
Who were the Kelly Gang killed ?
Where were the three policemen killed ?
What was the name of the person who designed the body armor that Ned Kelly and his gang used ?
What was Joseph Byrne ' s ethnicity ?
What was the death penalty for Byrne ?
Did Byrne wear body armor ?
What were the Kelly Gang ' s after the murder of three police officers ?
What was the name of the gang that Ned Kelly was known for ?
What is the Russian Union of Evangelical Christians - Baptists ?
What is the Russian word for the Russian Union of Evangelical Christians - Baptists ?
What is the Russian Union of Evangelical Christians - Baptists affiliated with ?
What type of denomination is the Russian Union of Evangelical Christians - Baptists ?
What is another name for Evangelical Christians - Baptists ?
What is the Russian Union of Evangelical Christians - Baptists ?
Where is the variety of Laminaria hyperborea f . cucullata found ?
Where is the species found ?
What kind of algae is Laminaria hyperborea ?
What is the common name of tangle and cuvie ?
What is the common name of tangle and cuvie ?
In what zone of the northern Atlantic Ocean is the brown alga found ?
What family is the kelp in ?
What is the common name for tangle and cuvie ?
What is the common name of tangle and cuvie ?
What is the Persian name for Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ?
In what rural district is Chamtar Khan - e Sofla located ?
What is another name for Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ?
Is Chamtar Khan - e Sofla also known as Khalaf - e Nabī ?
In what district is Chamtar Khan - e Sofla located ?
What is the name of Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ?
What is the Persian name for Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ?
What is the name of Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ?
What is another name for Khalaf - e ?
In what county is Chamtar Khan - e Sofla located ?
In what province is Chamtar Khan - e Sofla located ?
What is another name for Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ?
What is the Persian word for ' Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ' ?
What is the Persian word for Sofla ?
How many families live in Chamtar Khan - e Sofla ?
When was the population of Chamtar Khan - e Sofla 179 ?
What is the " Punchbowl " ?
What is a punchbowl ?
What are the walls of the Punchbowl made of ?
What are the Bear Pond mountains ?
What created the Punchbowl ?
What are the Bear Pond Mountains part of ?
What are the Bear Pond Mountains located in ?
What formation is the walls of the Punchbowl ?
What age is the Tuscarora Formation ?
What shape is the Punchbowl ?
What age were the shales in the Punchbowl created ?
What is at Cross Mountain ?
What is another name for the Punchbowl ?
What are the Bear Pond Mountains ?
How tall is Cross Mountain ?
What do the Bear Pond Mountains lie in ?
Where is the highest point in the Bear Pond Mountains ?
What is the name of the ski resort on Two Top Mountain ?
Where is the Whitetail Ski Resort ?
Where is the Whitetail Ski Resort ?
What are the chief summits of ?
What are the names of the summits of the Bear Pond Mountains ?
What is the name of the mountain in Pennsylvania ?
How tall is Cross Mountain ?
What is the name of Hearthstone Mountain ?
How tall is Hearthstone Mountain ?
How many feet above sea level is the mountain that is known as " Two Top Mountain " ?
How tall is Two Top Mountain ?
How many feet above sea level is Fairview mountain ?
How tall is Fairview Mountain ?
What is the name of the knob that is located on Gillians Knob ?
How tall is Gillians Knob ?
How tall is Bullskin mountain ?
How tall is Bullskin Mountain ?
How tall is Rickard mountain ?
How tall is Rickard Mountain ?
How tall is Powell Mountain ?
How tall is Powell Mountain ?
What is the name of the mountain that is located in the area ?
How tall is Sword Mountain ?

How tall is Abe Mills Mountain ?
How tall is Johnson Mountain ?
How tall is Johnson Mountain ?
What is a martlet in English heraldry ?
What is a martlet in English heraldry ?
How does the merlette of French heraldry describe the martlet ?
How does a martlet appear in English heraldry ?
What is a martlet similar to ?
What is the merlette of ?
Where is a martlet a heraldic charge ?
What is a popular subject that Carnie teaches ?
What topic has Carnie written on ?
What was Carnie ' s role in August 2012 ?
What does Carnie work for at the University of Arizona ?
What is the date of Carnie ' s birth ?
What college was Carnie appointed interim Dean of in August 2012 ?
How long has Carnie been a faculty director of the University of Arizona ' s Graduate Interdisciplinary programs ?
What language is Carnie a professor of ?
What has Carnie written on formal syntactic theory ?
What aspect of Scottish Gaelic has Carnie written on ?
What is one of the topics of Andrew Carnie ' s research ?
What position does Carnie hold at the University of Arizona ?
How many books has Carnie written ?
What is Carnie ' s job title ?
When was Carnie appointed interim Dean of the graduate college ?
What is the full name of Andrew Carnie ?
What list did Carnie receive as a linguist of the day ?
What type of forest is the plant in ?
What type of shrubland is it found in ?
What is the name of the plant that is endemic to Ecuador ?
What is the main reason for the species being so rare ?
What is the main threat to the species ?
What family is Vriesea appendiculata in ?
What type of habitat is the plant ' s natural habitat ?
What type of shells are the Bartschia ?
What are the name of the Buccinidae ?
What type of snails are called true whelks ?
What family are true whelks in ?
What is the name of the complex of art studios , shops , and gardens in Menlo Park ?
What type of events are held at the Allied Arts Guild ?
Where is the Allied Arts Guild located ?
Along with shops , restaurants , and gardens , what is in the Allied Arts Guild complex ?
When was the 1993 Masters Tournament held ?
Where was the 1993 Masters held ?
What caused a delay in the second round ?
What caused play to be suspended after the last sixteen holes ?
What was the 1993 Masters Tournament ?
What was the 57th Masters Tournament ?
What was the leader in the clubhouse at the Masters ?
What did Langer win ?
How far behind did Langer get in the final round of the Masters ?
How many holes were suspended when darkness stopped play ?
What was the margin of victory for Langer in the third round ?
When was the second round of the 1993 Masters ?
Who was the leader in the clubhouse at 137 ?
What caused the second round to be delayed on Friday afternoon ?
Who was in second place in the final round of the Masters ?
What was Langer ' s title ?
In which round did Langer shoot a 69 ?
What round of the Masters was not completed until Saturday morning ?
What did Langer ' s 72 in the third round of the Masters win ?
What was the first shot Langer made in the final round of the Masters ?
What was the nickname given to Langer ?
What was Justin Leonard ' s closest shot to the cut ?
How close to Langer on Sunday ?
What caused Forsman to miss the shot at the 12th ?
How many amateurs made the cut ?
What caused Beck to lose the lead to Langer ?
What was the final hole to win the tournament ?
How many strokes did Langer have after Beck bogeyed 16 ?
At what par did Beck fall behind Langer ?
On what par did Langer eagled ?
What was the final shot at the 15th at the par - 5 15th ?
How many times did Forsman find at the par - 3 12th ?
How many holes did Langer play ?
How many shots did Beck trail at the par - 5 15th ?
Where did Langer get his first shot at the hole ?
Where did Beck play with Langer ?
What did Langer have after birdie ?
What was the par - 3 for the Sunday hole ?
What was Langer ' s final round of the round through twelve holes ?
What kind of series was Marooned with Ed Stafford ?
Where does Ed Stafford travel each year ?
What company is Tigress Productions a part of ?
What is one thing that Ed Stafford has to use ?
What is Ed Stafford ' s only aid ?
Who is in charge of the series ?
Who is the name of the director of Marooned with Ed Stafford ?
Which series had only one person in it ?
What is the main goal of Ed Stafford ' s journey ?
Who produced the series Marooned with Ed Stafford ?
How long does Ed Stafford spend in the remote locations ?
Who commissioned the series Marooned with Ed Stafford ?
How long did Ed Stafford spend on Olorua ?
What type of island did Ed Stafford live on ?
What is the full name of Ed Stafford ' s show ?
Where is Olorua located ?
What was the name of Ed Stafford ' s show ?
What magazine was established by Showcase Publications , Inc . ?
Who established a second branch in 1991 ?
Where was Showcase Publications , Inc . based ?
Who is the publisher of the Auto Shopper Magazine ?
What branch of The Auto Shopper Magazine was opened in Lakeland , Florida in 1991 ?
How often is the Auto Shopper Magazine published ?
What is the name of the new issue of the Auto Shopper ?
What was the Auto Shopper ' s first step in expanding to the Northeast ?
How is the Auto Shopper magazine distributed ?
When was Jan Stanisski killed ?
What groups did Jan Stanisski found ?
What type of painter was Jan Stanisski ?
When was Jan Stanisski born ?
What was Jan Stanisski ' s other career ?
What other groups did Jan Stanisski found ?
What was Jan Stanisski ' s real name ?
What position did Jan Stanisski hold at the Academy of Fine Arts ?
What was Jan Stanisski ' s academic subject ?
What was the new name of the arena in 2006 ?
How many people does the Äijänsuo Arena hold ?
What is the purpose of the Äijänsuo Arena ?
What is the main purpose of the Äijänsuo Arena ?
When was the name of the arena changed to " Lännen Puhelin Areena " ?
What is the name of the arena in Rauma ?
What is the purpose of Äijänsuo Arena ?
What is the name of DNA Areena ?
What is the name of the band that is Kivikylän areena ?
When did DNA Areena change its name to DNA Areena ?
Who was the original member of DNA Areena ?
What did DNA do with Lännen Puhelin ?
What will be played at Äijänsuo ?
Who will host the opening match of the U18 World Championships ?
What will be played in the U18 World Championships ?
How far from Avadi is Jaya Engineering College ?
What railway station is near the Jaya Engineering College ?
What is Jaya Engineering College ?
What is the name of the engineering college in Thiruninravur ?
What train station is close to Jaya Engineering College ?
How far is Nemilichery Railway Station from Jaya Engineering College ?
How far from Chennai Central Station is Jaya Engineering College ?
How far is Tiruvallur from Jaya Engineering College ?
What is the name of the building that houses the Jaya Engineering College ?
What ISO certification is Jaya Engineering College certified with ?
How many kilometers from Nemilichery Railway Station is Jaya Engineering College ?
What is the Jaya Engineering College affiliated to ?
What is the ISO 9001 certification ?
What position is Durai Chandrasekaran in ?
What is Durai Chandrasekaran ' s political party ?
What party was Durai Chandrasekaran ?
Durai Chandrasekaran has been elected four times to what body ?
How many times has Durai Chandrasekaran been elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly ?
What is the name of the party Durai Chandrasekaran belongs to ?
What office has Durai Chandrasekaran been elected to four times ?
From what constituency was Durai Chandrasekaran elected ?
What is Durai Chandrasekaran ?
What is Durai Chandrasekaran ' s position in the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly ?
Who is the current member of the legislative assembly of Tamil Nadu ?
Who did Durai Chandrasekaran lose the seat to in 2001 ?
In what year did Durai Chandrasekaran win a fourth time ?
In what year did Durai Chandrasekaran lose his seat ?
Where is the Estrellas Orientales based ?
What is another name for the Estrellas Orientales ?
What league is the Estrellas Orientales in ?
What is the name of the team that plays in the Dominican Winter League ?
What has the Estrellas Orientales done in 1936 , 1954 , 1968 , and 2019 ?
What has the Estrellas Orientales done with the team ?
What is the name of the Estrellas de Oriente ?
What is the Estrellas Orientales ?
What class of icebreaker was Sisu in ?
What kind of ship is Sisu ?
What is the Sisu ' s callsign ?
What is Urho ' s accommodations used for ?
How is Sisu ' s sister ' s appearance ?
Who does Sisu ' s accommodations serve for ?
What does Sisu have for her sister ?
What kind of brewery is Sambrook ' s Brewery ?
How much beer does the brewery brew ?
What is the Watneys brand ?
Where is the brewing process used by Ramsgate and Westerham breweries ?
What brand of beers has the brewery been brewing for Brands Reunited ?
What was the relationship between the Ringwood Brewery and the brewery ?
Along with Ramsgate , what other brewers also uses the facility at the brewery ?
What happened in 2008 ?
Where is Sean Knight from ?
How long has the brewery been brewing the Watneys brand ?
What is the name of the head brewer of the brewery ?
When did the brewery start brewing the Watneys brand of beers ?
What is Sean Knight ' s job title ?
What is the name of the beer that the brewery brews ?
What is the name of the beers produced by the brewery ?
Who is Brands Reunited ?
What city is Sean Knight from ?
What is the purpose of the brewing of Watneys ?
What brewery was David Welsh previously owned ?
In what rural settlement is Machevo located ?
What is Machevo ?
In what Oblast is Machevo located ?
In what district is Machevo located ?
When was John William Clerke alive ?
What was the father of Ellen Mary Clerke ' s father ?
What was Ellen Mary ' s maiden name ?
What was the name of Ellen Mary Clerke ' s nickname ?
What was the maiden name of Ellen Mary Clerke ?
Who was the wealthy brewer and shipbuilder ?
What was the profession of Ellen Mary Clerke ' s father ?
When was Ellen Mary Clerke born ?
What day did Ellen Mary Clerke die ?
What was the origin of Clerke ' s family ?
What was Richard Morgan Deasy ' s job title ?
What was John William Clerke ' s occupation ?
What was Ellen Mary Clerke ' s other accomplishments ?
When was Ivan Fedyk born ?
What is the Ukrainian name for Ivan Fedyk ?
What is Ivan Fedyk ' s profession ?
What is the name of Ivan Fedyk ' s profession ?
What was the Ukrainian SSR in ?
What is the Ukrainian name for Ivan Fedyk ?
When was Ivan Fedyk born ?
What was the 1965 Five Nations Championship ?
What was the 1965 Five Nations Championship ?
What was the thirty - sixth series of the rugby union Five Nations Championship ?
How many nations competed in the 1965 Five Nations Championship ?
What was the previous name for the Five Nations ?
How many matches were played in the 1965 Five Nations Championship ?
What was the number of series of the Five Nations Championship ?
What was the previous incarnation of the Five Nations ?
How many series was the 1965 Five Nations Championship ?
When did the 1965 Five Nations Championship begin ?
When did the 1965 Five Nations Championship end ?
Why did Wales lose to France ?
What did Wales miss out on after losing to France ?
Did Wales make it to the fourth Grand Slam ?
When was Fra ' Hugues Loubenx de Verdalle alive ?
Who was the 51st Grand Master of the Order of Malta ?
What did he rename the hunting lodge ?
Who made him Cardinal - Deacon of S . Maria in Portico Octaviae ?
What was the rank of Fra ' Hugues Loubenx de Verdalle ?
What was the cardinal Deacon of S . Maria in Portico ?
How is he remembered for the reconstruction of the hunting lodge at Boschetto ?
What was de Verdalle ' s reward for his reconstruction of the hunting lodge ?
What was the Verdala Palace named after ?
On what date was he made Cardinal - Deacon of S . Maria in Portico Octaviae ?
When did he die ?
What other series is Sgt . Frog a part of ?
Who is in the fictional universe of Sgt . Frog ?
What is the other thing that the characters are in the series ?
What kind of universe is Sgt . Frog in ?
What does Jamie Goode do to the Sunday Express ?
What is the name of Jamie Goode ' s pen name ?
What publications does Jamie Goode contribute to ?
What is the job title of Jamie Goode ?
What is the name of the newspaper that Jamie Goode writes for ?
What is one of the publications that Jamie Goode contributes to ?
What is Jamie Goode ' s PhD in ?
What kind of wine does Jamie Goode write about ?
What is Jamie Goode ' s profession ?
What band did Goode play in ?
What instrument did Goode play in Tintagel ?
What was the name of the album that Tintagel released ?
What is the name of the architect who designed the Inntel Hotel in Zaandam ?
When was Wilfried van Winden born ?
What is Wilfried van Winden ' s reputation for design ?
What is the most famous hotel in Zaandam ?
What is Wilfried van Winden ' s profession ?
What is the name of the Egyptian Premier League club Yakubu plays for ?
When was Yakubu born ?
Who is Yakubu ' s profession ?
What is a Trisil a trade name for ?
What type of diodes is a Trisil similar to ?
What is the purpose of a thyristor surge protection device ?
What is a thyristor surge protection device ?
What does a Trisil act as ?
What voltage does a Trisil switch ON when it exceeds ?
What is Trisil ?
What is the trade name for a trisil ?
What device controls the CubeStormer III ?
What device was used to build the CubeStormer II robot ?
What did the CubeStormer II set ?
When did CubeStormer II set a Guinness World Record for the fastest robot solving a Rubik ' s Cube ?
What was the main purpose of CubeStormer II ?
What was the record set by CubeStormer II ?
What did CubeStormer II set a Guinness World Record for ?
What was the previous Guinness World Record for the fastest robot solving a Rubik ' s Cube ?
What is the name of the robot that CubeStormer II was built with ?
What is the name of the robot that CubeStormer II was built with ?
What did the CubeStormer III set ?
Who designed and built the CubeStormer II ?
What is the name of the robot that CubeStormer II solves a Rubik ' s Cube ?
Who built the CubeStormer II robot ?
Who commissioned the CubeStormer II project ?
What is the current Guinness World Record time for the fastest robot to solve a Rubik ' s Cube ?
Who is the name of the person who discovered the species ?
Where is the Van Son ' s thick - toed gecko endemic ?
What is the common name for Van Son ' s thick - toed gecko ?
What family is the Pachydactylus vansoni a part of ?
Is the name Van Son ' s gecko more or less common ?
What type of gecko is Van Son ' s ?
Who was Västerås HF ' s rival in Allsvenskan ?
What was Västerås HF ?
What was the name of the joint first team run by Västerås HF and Irsta HF ?
What happened to the cooperation between Västerås HF and Irsta HF after one season ?
What did the club have a rivalry with in the 1940s ?
What happened in 2011 to form VästeråsIrsta HF ?
In what season did Västerås HF play in Division 1 ?
In what season did VästeråsIrsta HF play in the top division ?
In what season did the Irsta Västerås Handboll team play in the top division ?
In what year did the SM tournament stop being held ?
In what season did Västerås HF reach the SM quarterfinals ?
In what season did Västerås HF lose to Örebro SK in the SM ?
In what year were Västerås HF relegated from the top division ?
In what season did Västerås HF reach the SM quarterfinals ?
In what season did Västerås HF reach the SM quarterfinals ?
In what years did the club make it debut in both Allsvenskan and Svenska mästerskapet ?
What was the name of the handball club that was founded in 1934 ?
What was the name of the Swedish handball club founded in 1934 ?
What was the final of the SM in 1945 - 46 ?
What did Västerås HF run with Irsta HF in later years ?
What was the SM tournament called ?
With what team did Västerås HF have a rivalry in 2004 - 05 ?
What was the name of the Swedish handball club founded in 1934 ?
Who was the team that Västerås HF defeated in the SM final ?
When did Västerås HF have a cooperation with Irsta HF ?
What team did Västerås HF run with the name IVH Västerås Handboll ?
What debut in 1942 - 43 ?
Who did Västerås HF lose to in the SM in 1949 - 50 ?
In which division did Västerås HF play in in 1947 - 48 ?
What level of the Swedish handball league is Division 1 ?
What is the name of the Swedish championship tournament that the Swedish handball club Västerås HF won in 1942 - 43 ?
How long did the Irsta Västerås Handboll stay in the top division ?
What was the rivalry between Västerås HF and Västerås IK ?
What happened to the team in the SM in 1947 - 48 ?
When did Västerås HF reach the finals in the SM ?
What place did Västerås HF finish in the league in 1942 - 43 ?
What is the third level of the Swedish handball league ?
What was the purpose of the joint first team ?
What did the club play in the top division in 2012 - 13 ?
In which round did Västerås HF reach in 1945 - 46 ?
In what event did Västerås HF lose to Majornas IK ?
What is the abbreviation for the club Västerås HF ?
What is the SM ?
What happened to the team in 1947 - 48 ?
During what years did Västerås HF have a notable rivalry with Västerås IK ?
What is the Yomiuri Milers Cup ?
What is the Japanese name for the Yasuda Kinen ?
How old are horses in the Yomiuri Milers Cup ?
What purpose does the Yomiuri Milers Cup serve as a trial for the Yasuda Kinen ?
What is the Yomiuri Milers Cup called ?
What race does the Yomiuri Milers Cup serve as a trial for ?
What does the Yomiuri Milers Cup serve as a trial for the Yasuda Kinen ?
Where is the Yomiuri Milers Cup held ?
Where is the Yomiuri Milers Cup run ?
How long is the distance of the Yomiuri Milers Cup ?
What status was the Milers Cup given in 1984 ?
What is the name of the race that is run in 1970 ?
When was the Milers Cup first run ?
What is the name of the winner of the race ?
Which is the most recent winner of the race ?
What is the most recent winner of the race ?
On what part of the City of Ballarat is Invermay Park located ?
What cemetery is in Invermay Park ?
What is the Ballarat General Cemetery ?
Where is the Ballarat General Cemetery located ?
Invermay Park is on the Northern rural fringe of what municipality ?
In what census did Invermay Park have a population of 1 , 814 ?
What does Project Re - ED hope to provide for children ?
Where did the project begin ?
Project Re - ED focuses on what kind of children ?
What does the project Re - ED focus on teaching a child ?
What principles have been replicated and adapted in many other programs ?
What type of environment does the project Re - ED hope to provide for the child ?
What does Project Re - ED focus on helping a child to be more supportive ?
What is the goal of Project Re - ED ?
What is one social group that the project Re - ED focuses on ?
Where is the Re - ED located ?
What happened to the original pilot project ?
What is one of the ways the project Re - ED focuses on helping the child ?
What is the main focus of Project Re - ED ?
What was the original project of Project Re - ED ?
Who is David Anthony Durham ?
What was Gabriel ' s Story ' s award - winning novel ?
What kind of snail is Omphalotropis mutica ?
What kind of shell is a salt marsh snail ?
What is the name of the salt marsh snail that is endemic to Palau ?
What family is Omphalotropis mutica in ?
When was Bell born ?
What was the name of Bell ' s nickname ?
Bell was a bishop of what state ?
What was Bell ' s birth date ?
What church did Bell belong to ?
What was Bell ' s career ?
What is Carlos J . Martijena - Carella ' s career ?
What is Carlos J . Martijena - Carella ' s other career ?
Martijena - Carella is known for his role - playing game design ?
What is the Arabic name for the Melkite Greek Catholic Church ?
What liturgical traditions do the Melkite Catholic Church share with Eastern Orthodoxy ?
What is the Melkite Catholic Church called ?
What liturgical traditions do the Melkite Catholic Church share with Eastern Orthodoxy ?
What is the Melkite Catholic Church called ?
What is the Melkite Catholic Church ?
Through intermarriage , what has the Melkite Church grown ?
Who is the head of the Melkite Catholic Church ?
When did Christianity arrive in Antioch ?
What is the name of the Melkite Catholic Church ?
How long has the Melkite Catholic Church been a part of the Catholic Church ?
What is the Melkite Catholic Church part of ?
What type of church is the Melkite Greek Catholic Church ?
What is the name of the Melkite Catholic Church ?
What is the Melkite Catholic Church ' s current membership ?
What type of liturgical traditions do the Melkite Catholic Church share with ?
Who introduced Christianity to the Melkites ?
Malakiyyin al - [UNK] is another name for the Melkite Greek Catholic Church ?
Where is the Melkite Catholic Church located ?
How are Melkite Greek Catholics present throughout the world ?
What is the Arabic term for the Melkite Greek Catholic Church ?
Where is the Melkite Church located in Syria , Lebanon , Jordan , Israel , Palestine ?
With what is the Melkite Catholic Church in communion ?
What is the relationship between the Melkite Catholic Church and the Holy See ?
Who did the Melkites trace their history to ?
6 million members are there in the world ?
Has the Melkite Church grown outside of the Near East ?
How many members are in the Melkite Catholic Church ?
Was the Melkite Catholic Church part of Syria ?
What is Jaimoe Johanson ' s stage name ?
What is Jai Johanny Johanson ' s nickname ?
What is Jaimoe ' s stage name ?
What was Jaimoe Johanson ' s birth date ?
What band is Jaimoe a member of ?
What is Jaimoe ' s nickname ?
What is the term for members of the Allman Brothers Band ?
What is Jaimoe ' s career ?
What was the full name of David Lance Arneson ?
What was David Lance Arneson ' s career ?
What was the first time that Gygax and Arneson met ?
When was David Lance Arneson born ?
What company that published Dungeons & Dragons ?
What did Arneson base his setting on ?
What was the first job Arneson did for TSR ?
What did Arneson do as a teenager ?
When was Blackmoor created ?
What was Arneson responsible for developing the RPG ?
Where did Arneson first experience RPG development ?
What was Dungeons & Dragons ?
How did Gygax react to the game Blackmoor ?
What event prompted Arneson to come up with the idea for Dungeons & Dragons ?
Who did Arneson meet at the Gen Con ?
What was the first published RPG ?
What was used to develop the RPG ?
What was Arneson ' s occupation at the time he met Gygax ?
When did Arneson show the game to Gygax ?
What was Blackmoor ?
What was Arneson ' s contribution to the development of RPG ?
When was the first published RPG created ?
What did Arneson do with wargaming ?
Where did Arneson ' s early RPG work take place ?
What was the name of the fictional world that Arneson created in 1970 ?
Who did Gygax and Arneson co - develop Dungeons & Dragons ?
When did Gygax meet Arneson ?
What did Arneson do at Full Sail University ?
Along with computer game design , what did Arneson teach at Full Sail University ?
What university did Arneson teach at ?
What did Arneson continue to work as after leaving TSR ?
What happened in 1976 ?
What did Arneson do ?
Who did some work in computer programming ?
What was the main reason Arneson filed a lawsuit in 1979 ?
What did Arneson continue to do for his entire life ?
What did Arneson do in 1979 to retain credits and royalties on the game ?
How long did Arneson play games for ?
What did Arneson do for TSR in the 1980s ?
What is the name of the subway line that Dangjeong Station is on ?
What is the closest to Hansei University ?
What kind of station is Dangjeong ?
What is the name of the station closest to Hansei University ?
What direction is Dangjeong Station located in ?
What is the closest university to Dangjeong Station ?
When was Mary Trevelyan alive ?
When did Mary Trevelyan die ?
What was the main goal of Mary Trevelyan ' s work ?
What was the warden of ?
What did Mary Trevelyan hope to help overseas students establish ?
What did Mary Trevelyan found ?
How did Mary Trevelyan help to help overseas students in London ?
Who founded the Goats Club ?
During what time was Mary Trevelyan responsible for the problems of overseas students in London ?
Who did Mary Trevelyan try to help solve ?
What caused Mary Trevelyan to die ?
What happened to Mary Trevelyan after she was appointed an MBE ?
What did Mary Trevelyan found for foreign students ?
Who was the Goats Club for ?
What was the hope of the international friendship between students and the British people ?
Who did Mary Trevelyan help to help with her work ?
What was Mary Trevelyan ' s last name ?
What was the smallest gauge of railway lines in Denmark ?
Why was Denmark ' s railway system built with standard gauge ?
What type of railway lines were built with standard gauge ?
What was built with standard gauge ?
What gauge were most railway lines built with ?
When was Denmark densely populated ?
What was the largest gauge in Denmark ?
Where did Landik attend after graduation ?
When was Landik born ?
How many titles did Landik win ?
Where did Landik win a silver medal in the 4×100 m medley relay ?
What is Landik ' s career ?
Where did Landik win a gold medal in 1994 ?
What is Landik ' s Russian name ?
What is the Russian name for Olga ?
How long has Landik been in a club ?
Where did Landik compete in the 100 m breaststroke ?
What did she do ?
Which relay did Landik compete in ?
What did Landik work after retirement ?
Where did Landik graduate in 2003 ?
What medal did Landik win in the 4×100 m medley relay at the 1997 European Aquatics Championships ?
In what event did Landik win a silver medal ?
What did Landik do after she graduated ?
What did Landik win at the Junior European Championships in 1994 ?
What did Landik do in the 100 m breaststroke at the 1996 Summer Olympics ?
What was the name of the South African cricket team ?
During what season did the South African cricket team tour India ?
What was the final score of the Test series between South Africa and India ?
What was Javagal Srinath ' s most successful bowling performance ?
Did India ever play South Africa in 1992 - 93 ?
What type of ODI did South Africa play in India ?
What was the name of the tour that South Africa played in India ?
How many matches did South Africa win in the Titan Cup ?
What was the tour of South Africa in India ?
How many test matches did the South African cricket team play in India ?
When did the Titan Cup begin ?
In what year did India tour South Africa ?
When did South Africa first visit India ?
What is the name of the information that South Africa had to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to have to
How many runs did Mohammad Azharuddin score as the Man of the Test series ?
What type of Test appearances did South Africa have against India ?
What is the name of the South African cricket team ?
What kind of tournament was the Titan Cup ?
How many wickets did Javagal Srinath take in the Titan Cup ?
What type of series did India win the first and third matches of the tour ?
In what Test did South Africa get a wicket - taker ?
What award did Allan Donald receive ?
How many wickets did Klusener pick in the second Test of the second Test ?
What is the name of the country in which South Africa played in the Titan Cup ?
What did Herschelle Gibbs , Lance Klusener , and VVS Laxman make ?
In what Test did South Africa make their first appearance against India on the subcontinent ?
In what innings of the first Test did Laxman score a fifty ?
How many runs did India win the benefit match ?
How many runs did Klusener score in the second Test of the second Test ?
How many runs did Sachin Tendulkar score in the Titan Cup ?
Where did South Africa play India in a benefit match for Mohinder Amarnath ?
Who scored a fifty in the first Test of the first Test ?
What was the name of the triangular ODI tournament South Africa played in India ?
Who was selected the man of the match ?
Who made their Test debuts ?
What was the man of the match score for Sachin Tendulkar ?
Who was the leading run - scorer in the Titan Cup ?
What was the name of the match in which South Africa beat India ?
Who was the benefit match for ?
Who was named the Man of the Test series ?
What was Sachin Tendulkar ' s main contribution to the Titan Cup ?
Who scored a fifty in the second innings of the first Test ?
Which South African cricketer took 8 wickets in the second Test of the second Test of the tour ?
Who took 8 wickets in the second innings of the second Test ?
Who was the most successful bowler in the tour ?
What was Allan Donald ' s bowling average in the Titan Cup ?
What did the figures of Laxener and Klusener hold for debuts ?
What is the fourth best by any bowler on debut ?
What was the name of the South African team ' s player of the series award ?
Which match did India win in the first Test ?
What type of match did South Africa play in the end of the tour ?
What was the name of the team that South Africa played in 1996 - 97 ?
What happened after the Titan Cup ?
What was the first Test appearance of India on the subcontinent ?
How many members did the by - election elect ?
What was the first to be used in the election of the MP ?
What was the last by - election of the 27th Parliament ?
What country was the by - election held in ?
When did the New Forest by - election occur ?
What was the name of the by - election ?
What voting system was used in the New Forest by - election ?
The New Forest by - election was the last by - election of what parliament ?
What was the full name of Franciscus Joseph Octave van der Donckt ?
What is another name for Franciscus Joseph Octave van der Donckt ?
What was the profession of Franciscus Joseph Octave van der Donckt ?
When was Franciscus Joseph Octave van der Donckt born ?
When did Franciscus Joseph Octave van der Donckt die ?
What is it called that Franciscus Joseph Octave van der Donckt was also known as ?
Who is the official journal of ?
Where is the African Journal of Urology available ?
Where can the African Journal of Urology be found ?
Along with Scopus , what is the abstracted and indexed in ?
What kind of journal is the African Journal of Urology ?
What is the name of the journal ?
What is the status of The African Journal of Urology ?
How often is the African Journal of Urology published ?
What is the official language of the Holy See ?
What is the official language of the Holy See ?
What has Latin done to English ?
Where was Latin originally spoken ?
In what area of the world did Latin become the dominant language ?
What type of language is Latin ?
What political group in Rome helped to make Latin the dominant language in Italy ?
What is Latin in the Holy See ?
What is another name for Latin ?
What did Latin become in Italy ?
How did Latin become the dominant language in the western Roman Empire ?
What was the original meaning of Latin ?
What is another name for Latin ?
To what branch of the Indo - European languages is Latin belong ?
In what official language is Latin the official language ?
What language group is Latin a part of ?
Where are Latin roots often found in English descriptions of theology , medicine , and law ?
What language is a part of the Latin language ?
What was the standard language of the Roman Republic ?
What developed in the 6th to 9th centuries into Romance languages ?
Along with Terence , what other playwrights used Vulgar Latin ?
What was Vulgar Latin ?
What developed from Early Modern Latin ?
What is the official language of the Holy See ?
What is another name for New Latin ?
By what time had Old Latin been standardised into Classical Latin ?
What was the Renaissance Latin used for ?
What is another name for colloquial Latin ?
What is the written language of the 3rd century ?
What was the name of the language used for the 9th century ?
What is the modern name for Old Latin ?
What is the official language of the Catholic Church ?
What type of language did Latin develop into ?
What was Latin the language of until well into the 18th century ?
What is the official language of what institution ?
What religious group uses Latin as its official language ?
What was an example of a notable author of Vulgar Latin ?
When was Medieval Latin first used ?
When did Vulgar Latin become used as a literary language ?
When was Late Latin first written ?
Until what century did Latin become the language of international communication ?
What is Late Latin ?
What is Ecclesiastical Latin in the Holy See ?
What was Medieval Latin used for ?
How many noun cases does Latin have ?
What is the property of Latin ?
How many verb conjugations does Latin have ?
How many genders does Latin have ?
How many persons does Latin have ?
How many moods does Latin have ?
How many aspects does Latin have ?
From what is the Latin alphabet derived ?
From what did the Latin alphabet derive its roots ?
How many declensions does Latin have ?
How many voices does Latin have ?
How many numbers does Latin have ?
How many tenses does Latin have ?
What is the name of the alphabet that is derived from the Phoenician alphabet ?
When did the 2007 Super 14 season begin ?
Who played in the 2007 Super 14 final ?
What was the final score in the 2007 Super 14 Final ?
Who was the first team to win the Super Rugby title ?
What was the first between two South African teams ?
What did the Bulls win in the 2007 Super 14 ?
What kind of matches were held in the 2007 Super 14 season ?
What is the name of the competition in which the Super 14 is played ?
When did the 2007 Super 14 season begin ?
What was the first time a South African team won the Super 14 title ?
On what date did the 2007 Super 14 season end ?
Who won the 2007 Super 14 Final ?
What did the Bulls win the 2007 Super 14 title ?
In what era did the Bulls win the Super Rugby title ?
What was the result of the Sharks ' try in the 2007 Super 14 Final ?
What was the name of the stadium where the 2007 Super 14 final took place ?
In what minute did the Bulls score a try in the 2007 Super 14 Final ?
How many rounds does each team play against other teams ?
What did the Cats change their name to the Lions ?
What was the notable about the 2007 season ?
What kind of competition is the Super 14 ?
How many byes will each team get over the 14 rounds ?
What happened in 2007 ?
What team was not included in the 2007 season ?
How many matches were there over the 3 months ?
When did the Cats change their name to the Lions ?
What did the new team in 2007 have ?
Who gets one bye over the 14 rounds ?
What did the 2007 season see an old team emerge with ?
What was the name of the expansion of the rugby union competition ?
In what part of the world is the Super 14 based ?
During what part of the season did New Zealand players rest ?
What name did the team change their name to ?
Who did New Zealand ' s resting players have ?
How long did the Super 14 season last ?
How many semi - finals did each team have ?
How many rounds will each team play in the Super 14 ?
What did the expansion of the Super 14 cause ?
What is the notable about the season ?
How many teams are in the Super 14 ?
What is the American Front ?
What other artist posed for photos in the AF uniforms ?
What does WAR stand for ?
What was the original structure of the American Front ?
What was the American Front modeled after ?
What happened in 1988 with the White Aryan Resistance ?
How did Boyd Rice know about the American Front ?
What is the name of the white supremacist organization ?
What is the English word for " AF " ?
What magazine did an article on neo - Nazism appear in ?
Where did the article about the American Front come from ?
How does Boyd Rice feel he was a member of the American Front ?
Who founded the American Front ?
What did Boyd Rice pose in for photos in the article ?
Who has the surname Kafka ?
Who is notable for being Kafka ?
Who was Alexandre Kafka ?
What was Alexandre Kafka ' s nickname ?
What was Bohumil Kafka ' s life span ?
Who was the name of Bohumil Kafka ?
When was Franz Kafka born ?
What was Franz Kafka ' s occupation ?
What was the German name of Franz Kafka ?
What was Kafka ' s profession ?
What was the name of Kafka ' s nickname ?
What was Helene Kafka ' s life style ?
What was Helene Kafka ' s occupation ?
What was the name of Helene Kafka ?
What was Helene Kafka ' s religious affiliation ?
What is Jakub Kafka ' s profession ?
Who is the name of the Czech footballer ?
Who was Maria Restituta Kafka ?
Who was the name of the Czech - Austrian Catholic religious sister ?
When did Maria Restituta Kafka die ?
What is Martin Kafka ' s profession ?
What is the name of Martin Kafka ?
What is Kafka ' s nickname ?
What is the name of the football player who played for the Seattle Seahawks ?
Who was Ottla Kafka ' s sister ?
Who was the sister of Franz Kafka ?
Who was Ottla ' s sister ?
What is the full name of Stella Kafka ?
What is Styliani Kafka ' s full name ?
What is the American Association of ?
What is the position of the American Association of Variable Star Observers ?
What is Styliani Kafka ' s profession ?
What is the name of the American Association of Variable Star Observers ?
Who was Vladimir Kafka ?
What was the name of the translator who was a part of the Czech translation of the famous classic ?
What year was The Czarina ' s Secret produced ?
How many films were produced in the " Great Events " series ?
What series of films was the Czarina ' s Secret a part of ?
In what color was the film produced ?
What is the projected capacity of the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
How much land will the Alpaslan - 2 Dam help irrigate ?
What is the main purpose of the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
What type of dam is the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
What will be installed at the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
What is the nearest city to the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
What is the main purpose of the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
On what river is the Alpaslan - 2 Dam being built ?
What is the capacity of the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
How far is the Alpaslan - 2 Dam from Muş ?
How many MW will the Alpaslan - 2 Dam have ?
How far is the Alpaslan - 2 Dam from Muş ?
How many dams is the Alpaslan - 2 Dam ?
How much land will the Alpaslan - 2 Dam help irrigate ?
How much land will the Alpaslan - 2 Dam help irrigate ?
In what province is the Alpaslan - 2 Dam currently under construction ?
What is the TNT series that John Pollono starred in ?
What is one of John Pollono ' s plays that he wrote ?
What is the name of John Pollono ' s film Stronger ?
What role did Pollono play in Mob City ?
What is the name of John Pollono ' s play that premiered Off - Broadway in 2015 ?
What is John Pollono ' s real name ?
What is John Pollono ' s profession ?
What is John Pollono ' s other nickname for his work in writing Stronger ?
What is Pollono active in ?
What theater collective is Pollono a part of ?
What theater is Pollono a part of ?
What is the FLPH ?
What does FLPH stand for ?
What are translated by the FLPH ?
Where is the Foreign Languages Publishing House located ?
What do the translation group of foreigners make North Korean texts into foreign language ?
How many foreigners are employed to revise North Korean texts ?
What do the foreigners do to North Korean texts ?
What are the translations of North Korean texts used for ?
What is the FLPH responsible for ?
What kind of games does Foreign Languages Publishing House have a sports team in ?
How does the Naenara and Publications of the DPRK operate ?
What does the Propaganda and Agitation Department of the Workers ' Party of Korea do with the staff of Foreign Languages Publishing House ?
What publishes Korea Today ?
What is the name of the newspaper published by Foreign Languages Publishing House ?
What does the Naenara and Publications of the DPRK maintain ?
What is under the control of the Propaganda and Agitation Department of the Workers ' Party of Korea ?
What is the main focus of the publications of Foreign Languages Publishing House ?
What kind of team does Foreign Languages Publishing House have ?
What part of the Workers ' Party of Korea controls the foreign language publishing house ?
What is the name of the publication that Foreign Languages Publishing House publishes ?
What is the name of the sports team that publishes Foreign Languages Publishing House ?
Chad Hurley , Steve Chen , and Jawed Karim created youtube ?
Chad Hurley , Steve Chen , and Jawed Karim created youtube ?
What is youtube ?
What is youtube ?
What is the name of the website that youtube was bought by Google ?
What is the name of the company that bought youtube ?
When did Google buy youtube ?
When was youtube created ?
How much did Google pay for youtube ?
What did youtube buy in 2006 ?
Along with movies and music videos , what else is available on youtube ?
What type of content is available on youtube ?
Along with user - generated videos , what type of videos is available on youtube ?
Who can upload , rate , and share videos on youtube ?
Along with video blogging , educational videos , what type of content is available on youtube ?
What is one of the videos that youtube offers that you can post about ?
Along with video clips , what type of content is available on youtube ?
Along with video blogging and movie trailers , what type of content is available on youtube ?
What is the general range of content offered by youtube ?
What is one type of content that youtube offers ?
What is one type of content that youtube offers ?
Along with short films , what type of content is available on youtube ?
What type of content is available on youtube ?
What is a partner of youtube ?
What is the age limit for a registered user to watch a video on youtube ?
What is the name of the program that allows youtube to offer content on youtube ?
What is CBS , the BBC , and Vevo offering content ?
What age limit is allowed on youtube ?
Which user can upload unlimited number of videos ?
What type of user can only watch videos on youtube ?
How many videos can a registered user upload ?
Along with CBS , Vevo , and Hulu , what other media company offers content on youtube ?
Is it allowed for registered users to upload unlimited number of videos ?
What can registered users do to videos ?
What type of videos are available to registered users ?
How does youtube get revenue from Google AdSense ?
Are youtube ' s music and ad - free services offered ?
What kind of content is available to youtube for free ?
What is one exception to the free to watch videos ?
How does Google AdSense target ads ?
Aside from premium channels , what is a free feature of youtube ' s subscription service ?
What is the exception to the free service of youtube ?
What is the name of the channel that offers a subscription to youtube ?
Google AdSense targets ads according to audience and what ?
What is the name of the service that offers premium and ad - free streaming ?
What percentage of youtube ' s videos are free to view ?
Who is the content commissioned from ?
What is the name of the program that youtube earns advertising revenue from ?
What is the only way youtube can get content from youtube ?
Aside from subscription - based channels , what is an exception to the free to watch content ?
What is the estimated revenue of youtube ?
How many hours of content are watched on youtube ?
As of February 2017 , how much content is watched on youtube every day ?
How often is content uploaded to youtube ?
How much money is youtube estimated to make yearly ?
As of May 2019 , how much video content is uploaded to youtube every minute ?
As of February 2017 , how much content is uploaded to youtube each minute ?
As of October 2020 , youtube is the second most popular website in the world ?
When is youtube the second most popular website in the world ?
In what month and year are more than 500 hours of video content uploaded to youtube ?
In what year did youtube begin to add more content to its website ?
What is youtube ranked as the second most popular website in the world ?
What is the estimated amount of revenue youtube has ?
What is the name of the company that runs youtube ?
As of May 2019 , how much content is uploaded to youtube every minute ?
As of February 2017 , how much content is watched on youtube each minute ?
What kind of content is sometimes found on youtube ?
What has youtube been criticized for handling ?
What is one of the reasons youtube has been criticized ?
What is one of the reasons youtube has been criticized ?
What is one of the main criticisms of youtube ?
What does youtube ' s recommendation algorithms do with videos that promote ?
Youtube has been criticized for handling what kind of content ?
Youtube has been criticized for its filtering of content that is not targeted ?
What is one of the reasons youtube has been criticized ?
What has youtube done to its operations ?
What kind of content is sometimes found on youtube ?
Where can youtube see videos of minors attracting pedophilic activities ?
What was the original name of the band ?
How long have the band been known as DMP ?
Where was the band Fear of God from ?
What is the abbreviation DMP ?
How long has the DMPmusic podcast been on jellycast ?
What is the name of the popular podcast that DMP hosts ?
What kind of podcast is DMPmusic ?
What award is given to young composers of classical music ?
What is the BMI award for songwriters ?
Who won the BMI Student Composer Award ?
Who won the BMI Student Composer Award in what year ?
Who was Philip Glass ' first win ?
What award was founded in 1952 ?
What type of music is the BMI Student Composer Award ?
What are the BMI Awards ?
What is the main award for music published by BMI ?
What kind of award are the Trailblazers of ?
What is another name for the BMI Pop Awards ?
What is another name for the BMI Film and TV Awards ?
What is the name of the BMI award for country music ?
What is the name of the BMI awards ?
In what year did Jonathan Elliott win the BMI Student Composer Award ?
What is the name of the award given to songwriters , composers , and music publishers ?
Along with songwriters , composers , and what else does BMI recognize ?
Who presents the BMI awards ?
What is the BMI name for the Gospel Music Honors ?
a . , what is the BMI Trailblazers of Gospel Music Honors ?
What type of award is given to the best in the field of film ?
What is another name for the BMI Film and TV Awards ?
What is the BMI name for the BMI awards ?
What does BMI include in its list of the top music awards ?
What types of music are the BMI Awards given to ?
What countries are the BMI awards in ?
Who won the BMI Student Composer Award in 1959 ?
What is the BMI award for the best music published ?
In what year did Mason Bates win the BMI Student Composer Award ?
Who is the BMI Student Composer Award given to ?
What is Naike Rivelli ' s date of birth ?
What is the Italian name for Naike Rivelli ?
What is Naike Rivelli ' s career ?
What does MAP do ?
What does MAP stand for ?
In what geographic part of the world does MAP operate ?
What kind of charity is MAP ?
What Austrian team does Yokoyama play for ?
What Croatian team did Yokoyama join ?
What is Shohei Yokoyama ' s profession ?
When was Shohei Yokoyama born ?
What Croatian team does Yokoyama play for ?
What is Shohei Yokoyama ' s nickname ?
What was Yokoyama ' s position at Međimurec DP ?
Who plays for Varaždin ?
What tier did Yokoyama join in Croatia ?
What tier is DSC Wonisch Installationen in ?
How many goals did Yokoyama score for Međimurec DP in the 2017 - 18 season ?
In what season did Yokoyama become the top scorer for Međimurec DP ?
What did he do to Croatia ?
What is a common case of cognitive distortions ?
How does decatastrophizing examine the effects of an event or object ?
What is decatastrophizing a cognitive restructuring technique ?
What is decatastrophizing ?
What is decatastrophizing a technique used in ?
What does decatastrophize ask the patient to do if the feared event or object happened ?
How has decatastrophizing been used ?
What does decatastrophizing consist of ?
What is the main purpose of decatastrophizing ?
What skills are underestimated in decatastrophizing ?
Is decatastrophizing used to treat anxiety or psychosis ?
What is the decatastrophizing technique confronted with ?
What is decatastrophizing also called ?
Who coined the term decatastrophizing ?
What would happen if the feared event or what happened ?
What is the worst case scenario decatastrophizing used to confront ?
What could you make a fool of yourself if you say what ?
What does a person do if they say the wrong thing ?
What would you make of yourself if you say the wrong thing ?
What would happen if you say what ?
What would happen if you say the wrong thing ?
What did I think about myself ?
What did I think about myself ?
What is Nkanu West ?
What is the name of the local government area in Enugu State ?
What state is Nkanu West in ?
What is the name of the local government area ?
What is the name of the Akpugo town in Nkanu West Local Government Area ?
What is the area of the municipality ?
When was the population of the city of São Paulo ?
What is the 402 ?
What is the date of Kim Hart ' s birth ?
On what chart did the song " Love at First Night " peak ?
What is Kim Hart ' s profession ?
What kind of hit did Kim Hart have in 1980 ?
What is the name of Kim Hart ' s nickname ?
What was the title of Kim Hart ' s 1980 hit single ?
What is the term for loan ?
What is the name of the Madonna that is on loan at the National Gallery in Prague ?
Where is the Zbraslav Madonna kept ?
Where did the Zbraslav Madonna come from ?
Where is the Zbraslav Madonna kept ?
What is the name of the Madonna that is on loan at the National Gallery in Prague ?
What is the purpose of University Housing ?
What is available at University of Michigan ' s daily dining options ?
What type of dining halls are available at University of Michigan ?
What do retail shops provide students with ?
How many residence halls are at University of Michigan ?
Do freshman or sophomore students choose to live in University Housing ?
What percentage of incoming students choose to live in University Housing ?
How many students are housed in University Housing each year ?
What is University Housing ?
Where can students and graduate students live in the Northwood Community ?
Who has the option to live in University Housing ?
What is the name of the University of Michigan ' s campus housing system ?
Along with undergraduates , who can live in University Housing ?
How many students live in University Housing ?
How many students are housed in University Housing ?
Where is the Northwood Community located ?
On what campus of the University of Michigan is University Housing located ?
How many dining halls are at University of Michigan ?
Where are University Housing apartments located on the North Campus ?
What neighborhood is located on the University of Michigan ' s North Campus ?
How often are undergraduates housed in University Housing ?
Where is the name of the University Housing system at the University of Michigan ?
Who was the head of the 2002 San Diego State Aztecs football team ?
In what year did San Diego State ' s football team compete in the NCAA Division I - A football season ?
In what season did the San Diego State Aztecs compete in the NCAA Division I - A ?
Who was the head coach of the 2002 Aztecs football team ?
What was the name of the stadium that the Aztecs played their home games ?
What type of games did the Aztecs play at Qualcomm Stadium ?
What is the rufous - breasted ?
What is the common name of the rufous - breasted warbling finch ?
What family is the rufous - breasted warbling finch in ?
What type of forest is the species found in ?
What type of altitude shrubland does the species inhabit ?
What is the specific habitat of the species ?
What is its natural habitat ?
What is the main threat to the species ?
What was Herwig Dirnböck ' s date of birth ?
What type of athlete is Dirnböck ?
In what year did Dirnböck compete in the C - 2 1000 m ?
What is the name of the Austrian sprint canoer ?
What place did Dirnböck get in the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome ?
When did Dirnböck compete ?
In what event did Dirnböck finish ninth ?
What is the other name for Bulbophyllum serra ?
What is the name of the species ?
What is the date of Victor Coleman ' s birth ?
What is Victor Coleman ' s nickname ?
What is Victor Coleman ' s profession ?
When was Sir Henry Parker born ?
What was the nickname of Sir Henry Parker ?
Where was Sir Henry Parker born ?
Where was Sir Henry Parker born ?
What was Sir Henry Parker ' s occupation ?
Who was Jane Boleyn ' s mother ?
Who was the second marriage of Henry Parker ?
Who was the reign of Anne Boleyn ?
How many children did Henry have ?
What was Parker ' s position in Essex and Hertfordshire for 1536 - 37 ?
What was Parker ' s other title ?
When was Parker knighted ?
When was Parker appointed High Sheriff of Essex and Hertfordshire ?
What was Henry Parker ' s title ?
What was Henry Parker ' s title ?
How many children did he have ?
What was the name of the children of Henry Parker , 11th Baron Morley ?
What was the name of the second wife of Henry Parker ?
What was the nickname of Henry Parker ?
How many times did he marry ?
How many times did he have ?
What was the second time he married ?
What was the name of the person who was the mother of Henry VIII ?
What was Henry Parker ' s honor on 31 May 1533 ?
What was the name of the second marriage ?
Where was John Newport from ?
What was the first marriage of Henry Parker ?
What did Henry VIII share with Margaret Beauchamp ?
What leg of fleas are good for jumping ?
How long are adult fleas ?
What do fleas have that prevent them from being dislodged ?
What do fleas larvae eat on their host ' s skin ?
How long are fleas ?
What kind of insect are fleas ?
What part of the mouth are used for piercing skin and sucking blood ?
How do fleas live ?
What color are adult fleas ?
What do fleas eat ?
What is the common name for fleas ?
What do fleas have ?
Fleas can leap a distance of 50 times their body length ?
How many species of insect are in the order Siphonaptera ?
How do fleas jump a distance of 50 times their body length ?
How do fleas survive in mammals and birds ?
How do fleas live ?
What is the common name for fleas ?
What type of mouthparts do fleas have ?
How far can fleas leap a distance ?
Fleas are second only to what group of insects ?
How many species of fleas are there ?
How far can fleas leap in a single stride ?
How long are adult fleas ?
What are mouthparts used for ?
What type of insect feeds on organic debris left on their host ' s skin ?
What order are the Siphonaptera in ?
Do fleas breed on any other host ?
Some families of fleas are exclusive to what ?
What is each species of flea a specialist in ?
What are Siphonaptera most closely related to ?
What other group did fleas move on to ?
What family are snow scorpionflies in ?
What is the only host group of the Chimaeropsyllidae ?
When did fleas arise ?
How are Siphonaptera and snow scorpionflies related ?
What are snow scorpionflies known as in the UK ?
What happened in the early Cretaceous ?
Are some species of flea more or less selective ?
What was the severity of the Plague of Justinian ?
What is Xenopsylla cheopis ?
What is Yersinia pestis ?
What rodent was used to spread the disease to humans ?
What bacterium causes bubonic plague ?
What is the name of the oriental rat flea ?
How much of the world ' s population was killed by the Black Death and the Plague of Justinian ?
What were bitten by ?
What was the name of the major outbreak of bubonic plague in 1350 ?
What is the name of the poem The Flea ?
What is the name of the music that features the Flea ?
Where do Fleas appear ?
What do flea circuses use to show the world ?
How do Fleas appear in human culture ?
What is the name of the Flea in Charlie Chaplin ' s film ?
What type of circus do Fleas appear in ?
What village is in Sidhamula panchayat ?
What are another names for Ghodamaridwar ?
What is the status of Sidhamula ?
What district is Sidhamula located in ?
What block is Sidhamula under ?
What is the full name of Sampaio ?
When was Nélson Roberto Magalhães Sampaio born ?
Where was Sampaio born ?
What is Sampaio ' s profession ?
What district is Sampaio from ?
What is Sampaio ' s position ?
What position does Sampaio play ?
What is Sampaio ' s nickname ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What is the term white privilege used to refer to ?
What was the life span of Sir Richard Williams ?
What was Sir Richard Williams ' nickname ?
What was Sir Richard Williams ' nickname ?
What was the cause of Sir Richard Williams ' death ?
What was the Welsh name of Sir Richard Williams ?
What was Sir Richard Williams ' occupation ?
How was Oliver Cromwell related to Sir Richard Williams ?
What relationship did Thomas Cromwell have to Sir Richard Williams ?
How did Sir Richard Williams get his start ?
What part of the Dissolution of the Monasteries did Sir Richard Williams take in the process ?
Who plays the role of Archana in the film ?
What is the genre of the film ?
What did the film begin production in 2015 ?
What is the name of the 2019 Tamil - language drama film written and directed by M . R . Bharathi ?
What is the soundtrack of Azhiyatha Kolangal 2 ?
When did production of Azhiyatha Kolangal begin ?
What role does Nassar play in the film ?
Who plays a pivotal role in the film ?
What role does Archana play in the film ?
Who is the producer of Azhiyatha Kolangal 2 ?
Who composed the music for Azhiyatha Kolangal 2 ?
When is ' Azhiyatha Kolangal 2 ' released ?
What is Amy Thiessen ' s debut ?
What is the name of Amy Thiessen ' s album ?
What is Amy Thiessen ' s career ?
What is Amy Thiessen ' s real name ?
What is In Between Goodbyes ?
What is the name of the album that is in Between Goodbyes ?
When was In Between Goodbyes released ?
What kind of review did James Wilt give of Give Up the Fight ?
What quality does James Wilt think of Thiessen ' s voice ?
Who wrote about Thiessen ' s voice ?
What occupation does Thiessen have ?
What trait of Thiessen ' s voice is praised by James Wilt ?
Which album of Give Up the Fight is influenced by yoga ?
When did Osi Rhys Osmond die ?
What was Osi Rhys Osmond ' s original name ?
What was the Welsh name for Osi Rhys Osmond ?
What was Osi Rhys Osmond ' s hobby ?
What was Osi Rhys Osmond ' s other career ?
What sort of broadcaster was Osi Rhys Osmond ?
What was one of her TV series ?
When did Paz Eufrasia Yrarrázaval Donoso die ?
What was Paz ' s real name ?
What was one of the TV series that Paz Eufrasia Yrarrázaval Donoso starred in ?
What was one of the TV series that Paz Eufrasia Yrarrázaval Donoso starred in ?
What was Paz Eufrasia Yrarrázaval Donoso best known for ?
How old was Paz Eufrasia Yrarrázaval Donoso when she was born ?
What was Paz Eufrasia Yrarrázaval Donoso ' s career ?
What was Paz Eufrasia Yrarrázaval Donoso ' s career ?
What did Paz do ?
Where was Paz ' s funeral held ?
Where was Paz ' s funeral held ?
What theater company did Paz found ?
What did Paz work at at the Catholic University of Chile ?
What university does UC belong to ?
How long after she died ?
Who was Paz ' s mother ' s name ?
Who was Paz ' s father ?
What is the abbreviation for her name ?
What did Paz do at the Catholic University of Chile ?
What illness did Yrarrázaval suffer from ?
What was Paz ' s role in the Escuela de Teatro at the Catholic University of Chile ?
Where was Paz buried ?
What was Paz ' s ancestry ?
When did Yrarrázaval die ?
How did the OCS provide the Australian Regular Army with its majority of its junior officers ?
What was Duntroon ?
Who did the OCS provide training to ?
What did the Royal Military College , Duntroon do with the OCS ?
What was the OCS Portsea ?
What was the OCS Portsea a review of in the mid - 1980s ?
Who did the OCS provide the bulk of its junior officers ?
What is OCS Portsea ?
What was the Royal Military College , Duntroon responsible for after the OCS closed ?
What branch of the military did the Officer Cadet School , Portsea train ?
What was the purpose of the Officer Cadet School , Portsea ?
What is the abbreviation for the Officer Cadet School , Portsea ?
What type of officers did the OCS provide ?
What is the OCS Portsea also referred to as ?
What happened to the OCS in 1985 ?
What was the rank of Colonel Harrison ?
When was Harrison ' s term as the OCS ' s first Commandant ?
During what time was the motto chosen ?
What was the OCS motto ?
What was the title of the title of the OCS ?
What is the official motto of the OCS ?
Who designated the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
Are there multi - story or multi - story buildings in the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
What did the rise of unions do to the development of the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
What group campaigned for the designation of the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
Why did people who previously worked at home to seek commercial spaces ?
What is another name for the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
What was the name of the district that served the well - to - do " carriage trade " ?
What was the purpose of the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
What did laws prohibit combined home and production areas lead to ?
Laws prohibited combined home and what ?
The Ladies ' Mile Historic District is located from which street to 24th Street ?
What is the Avenue of the Americas also known as ?
Which avenue is the boundary of the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
What happened after 1899 ?
What was the name of the historic district in Manhattan at the end of the 19th century ?
What type of district was the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
The Ladies ' Mile Historic District was established in May 1989 ?
What type of buildings are found in the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
How many buildings are in the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
Along with loft buildings , what type of buildings are in the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
What had people previously done before they were allowed to find commercial spaces in the home ?
When was the Ladies ' Mile Historic District designated ?
Who campaigned for the designation of the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
Who did the laws prohibit combined home and production areas lead to ?
What trade did the Ladies ' Mile Historic District serve ?
When was the Ladies ' Mile Historic District created ?
How many blocks are in the Ladies ' Mile Historic District ?
What city was the Ladies ' Mile Historic District located in ?
What is the name of the moth ?
What family is Limnaecia syntaracta a moth of ?
When was Astrit Selmani born ?
What team does Astrit Selmani play for ?
What is Astrit Selmani ' s profession ?
Who is the name of the Swedish footballer who plays for Varbergs BoIS ?
What year was Asian Stories released ?
Who is the main character in Asian Stories ?
What format was the film Asian Stories shot in ?
What is the length of the film ?
Who directed the movie Asian Stories ?
Who directed the movie Asian Stories ?
Who played the role of Kirt Kishita in Asian Stories ?
Who played the role of Kathy ?
How was Asian Stories known ?
What was the Asian Stories ' original name ?
What is the original name of Asian Stories ?
What is the running time of Asian Stories ?
What are not normally indicated ?
What is the upper - right corner diacritic for a release ?
What is sufficient to indicate the release of a final stop ?
What is the upper - right corner diacritic for a release ?
In the International Phonetic Alphabet , what is lack of an audible release denoted with ?
What is the absence of an audible release marked ?
What is the " unaspirated " diacritic of the Extended IPA ?
What is the IPA letter apt ?
Audibly released stops are not what ?
What is it called when a stop with no audible release is no audible indication of the end of its occlusion ?
What is the upper - right corner diacritic after ?
What is the only thing that a stop with no release has ?
What is a stop with no audible release ?
What is a stop with no audible release also known as ?
What is a stop with no audible release ?
What is aspirated ?
What is the absence of an audible indication of the end of an occlusion ?
What is a stop with no release called ?
What are the two diacritics that indicate an audible release ?
What school did Mills attend ?
What year was John Burpee Mills born ?
What was the name of the Canadian bar ?
Who was the name of Mills ' s political party ?
What was John Burpee Mills ' s nickname ?
Where did John Burpee Mills die ?
What was the name of the Canadian politician who was a Queen ' s Counsel ?
What was Mills a member of from 1882 until 1887 ?
What degree from Acadia College ?
What was the profession of John Burpee Mills ?
How many times was Mills married ?
What did Mills do in Vancouver ?
What was John Burpee Mills ' s birth date ?
What was the nickname of John Burpee Mills ?
Where was John Burpee Mills born ?
What was the riding of Annapolis in the House of Commons of Canada ?
What was John Burpee Mills ' s profession ?
What was the first wife of John Burpee Mills ?
What degree did Mills receive from Acadia College in 1871 ?
What is the pronunciation of John Burpee Mills ?
Where did Mills receive his Master of Arts degree ?
In what election was Mills defeated ?
What was the name of the Annapolis newspaper ?
In what city did John Burpee Mills begin his law ?
When was Mills first elected to the House of Commons ?
What happened on January 24 , 2020 ?
What reported the magnitude of the 2020 Elazığ earthquake ?
What time was the time of the 2020 Elazığ earthquake ?
In what province is Sivrice located ?
What is the local time for local time in Turkey ?
Where was the Elazığ earthquake felt ?
Where was the magnitude of the 2020 Elazığ earthquake felt ?
What was the magnitude of the 2020 Elazığ earthquake ?
What was the magnitude of the 2020 Elazığ earthquake ?
How many people were killed in the 2020 Elazığ earthquake ?
On what date did the 2020 Elazığ earthquake occur ?
What was the span of Rajib ' s life ?
How many times did he win the Bangladesh National Film Award ?
What award did he win four times ?
What was the managing director of ?
What were the other two Best Supporting Actor wins he won ?
What party was JASAS a part of ?
What were the first two times he won the Best Supporting Actor award ?
What was the fourth time he won the Best Supporting Actor award ?
What was Rajib ' s real name ?
What was Rajib ' s career ?
What position did Rajib hold in the FDC ?
What is the abbreviation for the FDC ?
What is JASAS ?
How many films did Rajib appear in ?
When did he win the Best Supporting Actor award ?
What was the role of managing director of the FDC ?
What was the year of Eduard Grell ' s death ?
What was Eduard Grell ' s full name ?
What was Eduard Grell ' s full name ?
Along with being an organist , what was Eduard Grell ' s occupation ?
What was Eduard Grell ' s occupation ?
What order was Grell awarded in 1864 ?
How many symphonies did Grell write ?
What type of quartets did Grell create ?
What was the first Christmas Oratorio produced since Johann Sebastian Bach ' s death ?
What was the first to produce ?
Who was the first director of the Sing - Akademie zu Berlin ?
Who recommended Grell to the Nikolaikirche ?
What was the name of Grell ' s lifelong musical group ?
Who was the first to produce the Christmas Oratorio since Johann Sebastian Bach ?
Who was Grell the director of the Sing - Akademie zu Berlin ?
What type of music does Grell ' s oeuvre include ?
Where was Grell a professor of composition ?
What is Grell considered to be a leader of ?
How long was Grell in the Sing - Akademie zu Berlin ?
How much vocal music did Grell produce ?
Who did Grell have ?
How did Grell compare to Bach in the Palestrina renaissance ?
Did Grell ever join the Sing - Akademie zu Berlin ?
What did Grell become professor of composition at the Prussian Academy of Arts ?
What was Grell ' s title at the Prussian Academy of Arts ?
What is closed ?
What countries are Redbud located in ?
What is Redbud ?
In what county is Redbud located ?
What is a notable person listed on the University of Leicester ' s alumni list ?
What sort of list of people are included in this list ?
Who are some of the notable past staff and students of the University of Leicester ?
What is Beyond Shadowgate ?
What kind of game is Beyond Shadowgate ?
What was the predecessor to Beyond Shadowgate ?
What is the name of the sequel to Shadowgate ?
What kind of view is Beyond Shadowgate ?
What kind of adventure is Beyond Shadowgate ?
What year was Shadowgate released ?
Who was Jim Holloway ?
What did Jim Holloway create for the game ?
What size was the poster ?
What kind of artist was Jim Holloway ?
What kind of case was the poster in ?
How was the poster found in the jewel case ?
What did Jim Holloway do with the game ' s closing and opening animation sequences ?
What Billboard chart did WOW Hits 2008 peak at ?
How many discs is WOW Hits 2008 ?
What is the first disc of WOW Hits 2008 ?
What genre of songs does disc one of WOW Hits 2008 contain ?
Which disc of WOW Hits 2008 contains CHR / Pop and Rock hits ?
What is the name of the second disc of WOW Hits ?
How did WOW Hits 2008 fare on the Billboard Hot 200 ?
Along with CHR / Pop and what genre of songs is featured on disc two of WOW Hits 2008 ?
What sort of songs are featured on WOW Hits 2008 ?
WOW Hits 2008 contains some of the biggest hits from what year ?
When was the album certified gold ?
What was the first WOW Hits album to be certified at what level ?
What was the first WOW Hits album not to be certified at least Platinum ?
WOW Hits 2008 is the name of the compilation album that contains the biggest hits from what genre ?
What did the RIAA give to WOW Hits 2008 ?
How many species of Megafreya are there ?
What happened to Megafreya in 2015 ?
What family are the Megafreya spiders in ?
What is the only species of Megafreya ?
What program did Konerferisi appear on ?
What is Barney Konerferisi ' s sport ?
What award did Konerferisi win in 2013 ?
When did Barney Konerferisi win the NWRC GIO Most Trusted Player award ?
What is the name of Barney Konerferisi ' s nickname ?
What is the name of the national team Barney Konerferisi is a member of ?
What is Barney Konerferisi a member of ?
What is the name of Barney Konerferisi ' s nickname ?
What is SV Lohhof ?
What kind of club are the footballers of SV Lohhof a part of ?
What is the name of the football club that SV Lohhof is ?
What kind of programs does the sports club have ?
What sport is included in the sports club ?
In what district is SV Lohhof located ?
Are sports clubs like badminton , gymnastics , table tennis , swimming , table tennis , fitness programs , fitness programs , fitness programs , and fitness programs ?
What is one of the sports that SV Lohhof has a department for ?
When did Kyros die ?
What is the Greek word for Cyrus ?
In what church is Cyrus feast celebrated ?
What was Cyrus ' s title ?
Who was Cyrus in place of ?
What was the title of the emperor who replaced Kyros ?
In what church is Cyrus considered a saint ?
Who was Justinian II ' s title ?
What day of January 21 in the Orthodox Church is Cyrus feast celebrated ?
Which church set Cyrus ' feast for January 8 ?
What day is Cyrus feast celebrated in the Roman Catholic Church ?
What was Cyrus ' s title in the Byzantine Empire ?
What was John VI ' s relationship with Philippicus ?
What position was Cyrus given in 705 ?
What was John VI ' s sympathies with Philippicus ?
What happened to Justinian in December 711 ?
When did Justinian fall ?
Who was Jerzy Sebastian Lubomirski ' s brother ?
What was the full name of Aleksander Michał Lubomirski ?
When was Prince Aleksander Michał Lubomirski alive ?
What was Prince Aleksander Michał Lubomirski ' s nationality ?
What was the Master of the Horse of ?
What voivodeship did Lubomirski rule ?
What position did Lubomirski hold ?
What was the owner of Wiśnicz ?
What was Wiśnicz and Rzemień ?
How many starostwos did he own ?
How many folwarks did he own ?
How many villages did he own ?
Who did Mustafa present his credentials to in 2015 ?
Who did Mustafa present his credentials to ?
When was Faed Mustafa born ?
When did Mustafa leave Russia ?
When did Mustafa become an ambassador to Turkey ?
When did Mustafa become an ambassador to Russia ?
What does Mustafa say would happen if Israel and Palestine were to reestablish borders ?
What is the Arabic term for Fayed Mustafa ?
What is Mustafa ' s position in the Palestine embassy ?
How did Mustafa serve in the Moscow embassy prior to becoming an ambassador ?
What has Mustafa called on the reestablishment of ?
What is Mustafa ' s occupation ?
Where did Mustafa serve before becoming an ambassador ?
What is the Palestinian name for Mustafa ?
What did Mustafa call on to reestablish ?
How long did Mustafa serve in the Moscow embassy before becoming an ambassador ?
What position did Mustafa hold in Palestine to Russia ?
What did Mustafa do on May 28 , 2015 ?
When was the East Tipperary constituency first used ?
When was the Member of Parliament for East Tipperary elected ?
What was the name of the constituency in Ireland that was part of East Tipperary ?
What was East Tipperary ?
How many members was the constituency of East Tipperary used for ?
In what body was East Tipperary not represented ?
What was the name of the constituency in East Tipperary ?
What was Mozhayev ' s date of birth ?
In what event did Mozhayev win a bronze medal ?
When did Mozhayev win a bronze medal in the team épée ?
What was Mozhayev ' s career ?
What medal did Mozhayev win in the 1980 Summer Olympics ?
What is the name of Mozhayev ' s nickname ?
What political party was K . T . Shah associated with ?
What was the role of K . T . Shah in the first presidential election of Independent India ?
In what election was K . T . Shah the main rival ?
What percentage of votes did Shah get in the first election ?
Who did K . T . Shah lose to in the first presidential election of Independent India ?
When did K . T . Shah die ?
Where did K . T . Shah graduate ?
What was K . T . Shah ' s occupation ?
What was the Constituent Assembly responsible for ?
What type of assembly was K . T . Shah a member of ?
What was K . T . Shah known for as a member of the Constituent Assembly of India ?
In what type of country was K . T . Shah the main rival candidate ?
Who was one of Ibn Idris ' students ?
What was Ibn Idris ' s full name ?
What was Ibn Idris ' s occupation ?
What was Ibn Idris ' main concern ?
When was Ibn Idris al - Araishi al - Araishi al - Idrisi al - Hasani alive ?
What did Ibn Idris ' followers found ?
What was Ibn Idris ' s nickname ?
al - Araishi al - Alami al - Idrisi al - Hasani ?
What is the Arabic term for al - Idrisi al - Araishi al - Hasani ?
What was Ibn Idris ' s nickname ?
What title did Ibn Idris hold ?
What did Ibn Idris ' followers spread to ?
Where did Ibn Idris ' followers spread his teachings ?
What was Ibn Idris ' s main concern ?
What did Ibn Idris ' followers do ?
What was the main concern of Ibn Idris ?
What is The Ogre ?
Who starred in The Ogre ?
Who played the role of John Malkovich in ' The Ogre ' ?
Who played the role of the Nazi ?
What is the main story of The Ogre ?
Who does the film follow ?
What does the simple man do to be Nazis ?
Who wrote the book " The Erl - King " ?
Who played the role of Marianne Sägebrecht in the film ?
Who played the role of the Nazi ?
What is the name of the German actor in the film ?
What is the German title of The Ogre ?
What is the French version of ' The Ogre ' ?
Who was Mueller - Stahl ' s role in the film ?
What year was ' The Ogre ' released ?
Who directed the film The Ogre ?
What did Keanu Neal do for the University of Florida ?
What league is the football team in ?
What is the date of Keanu Neal ' s birth ?
What is Keanu Neal ' s career ?
What is the name of the team that Keanu Neal played for ?
What is the name of the game that Keanu Neal played in ?
What type of birds are in the family of the Falcons ?
What church is Donald Walter Trautman a member of ?
What is the name of Donald Walter Trautman ?
What day was Donald Walter Trautman born ?
What is Donald Walter Trautman ' s nationality ?
What was the original name of One Woodward Avenue ?
What is the other building that One Woodward Avenue is located next to ?
What is the former name of the Michigan Consolidated Gas Company Building ?
What was the former name of the Ford Auditorium ?
What is the name of the building that One Woodward Avenue is located in ?
What is the main function of One Woodward Avenue ?
Where is One Woodward Avenue located ?
What does One Woodward Avenue overlook ?
What was One Woodward Avenue ' s previous name ?
What district is One Woodward Avenue next to ?
In what part of Detroit is One Woodward Avenue located ?
What is the other building next to One Woodward Avenue ?
What is Point Blank FM ?
what is the name of the internet radio station ?
What type of music is played on Point Blank FM ?
What is one of the DJs on Point Blank FM ?
What was the first broadcast of Point Blank FM ?
What is the distinction of Point Blank FM ?
What was the original format of Point Blank FM ?
How long a day does Point Blank FM broadcast ?
What is the day of the week of Point Blank FM ?
In what country is Point Blank FM located ?
What is the name of the name of the DJ who is on Point Blank FM ?
What is the name of the DJs on Point Blank FM ?
Who is the name of the DJs on Point Blank FM ?
When did Point Blank FM first broadcast ?
What is the name of the name of the pirate radio station on Point Blank FM ?
What is the name of the station ' s DJs ?
What is the name of the DJ on Point Blank FM ?
What is the name of the station on Point Blank FM ?
What article praised the station in 2008 ?
What is the name of the name of the DJs on Point Blank FM ?
What is a notable feature of the station ?
What is the name of the name of the DJ on Point Blank FM ?
What is the name of the name of the DJ on Point Blank FM ?
What is the name of the name of the pirate radio station on Point Blank FM ?
What is the name of the name of the pirate radio station on Point Blank FM ?
Who is the name of the name of the DJs on Point Blank FM ?
Who is the name of the name of the DJs on Point Blank FM ?
What is the name of the name of the artist who played on Point Blank FM ?
In what municipality is the Rivière du Cran located ?
What administrative region is the Rivière du Cran in ?
What is the English name of the river that flows in the unorganized territory of Lac - Ashuapmushuan ?
What is the English translation of the Rivière du Cran ?
In what part of the territory is the Rivière du Cran located ?
In what region of the Regional County Municipality is the Rivière du Cran located ?
Which municipality does the Rivière du Cran flow in ?
What is the geographic region of Saguenay - Lac - Saint - Jean ?
Which river is the Rivière du Cran a tributary of ?
What route does the forest roads connect north to ?
What area is mainly served by forest roads ?
Is the Cran river valley served by forest roads ?
What is the main route to the Cran river valley ?
What do forest roads do to the route 167 ?
What is the second most important economic activity in the valley ?
What is the name of the wildlife reserve in the valley ?
What is the main economic activity in the valley ?
What is the main economic activity in the valley ?
What is the wingspan of the moth ?
What is one location where the moth is found ?
Where is the type locality of this moth ?
What is the name of the moth that is found in Central Asia ?
What family is Cochylimorpha subwoliniana a part of ?
What is the name of the moth ?
Where is the wingspan of Cochylimorpha subwoliniana found ?
What are the sensory tubercles surrounded by ?
Where are Caryophyllidia found ?
What type of sea slug are Caryophyllidia found ?
What shape are spicules in the Caryophyllidia ?
What are Caryophyllidia ?
Where are spicules found ?
What is Caryophyllidia ?
What does the word Tohopekaliga mean ?

What is Lake Tohopekaliga ' s scenic walking path ?
What kind of path does Lakefront Park have ?
What is Lakefront Park located ?
How large is Lake Tohopekaliga ?
What is the St . Cloud Canal ?
How many miles is Lake Tohopekaliga ?
Where is a miniature lighthouse located ?
What is on the west end of Lake Tohopekaliga ?
What does the name Tohopeka mean ?
What is Lake Tohopekaliga ?
What connects Lake Tohopekaliga to Cypress Lake ?
What is the name of the canal that connects Lake Tohopekaliga to East Lake Tohopekaliga ?
What is the largest lake in Florida ?
What canal connects Lake Tohopekaliga to Cypress Lake ?
Where is a miniature lighthouse located ?
What is the name of the largest lake in Florida ?
What is the western end of Lake Toho ?
What is the southern end of Lake Tohopekaliga ?
What is another name for Lake Tohopekaliga Tohopeka ?
How long is the South Port canal ?
How long is the St . Cloud Canal ?
What is the name of the canal that connects Lake Tohopekaliga to East Lake Tohopekaliga ?
How many species of waterfowl are seen in Lake Tohopekaliga ?
Which side of Lake Tohopekaliga is Big Toho Marina on ?
What countries are in the lake ?
What is the name of Lake Tohopekaliga Tohopeka ?
Where is the South Port canal located ?
Where is South Port located on
What is the primary inflow of Lake Tohopekaliga ?
What is the primary inflow of Shingle Creek ?
In what county is Lake Tohopekaliga located ?
Which shore is Lake Toho bordered by Kissimmee ?
Where is Lake Tohopekaliga located ?
What is in Lakefront Park ?
Which shore is Kissimmee Park on ?
How many acres ?
What is one of the most popular fishing activities in Lake Tohopekaliga ?
How many acres is Lake Tohopekaliga Tohopeka ?
How many kilometers is Lake Tohopekaliga ?
How long is the South Port canal ?
How long is the St . Cloud Canal ?
Who borders Lake Toho on the eastern shore ?
What part of St . Cloud does Canal 31 run through ?
What is in Lakefront Park ?
What is Teodorowicz ?
What is Teodorowiczowa ?
What is the polish name for Teodorowicz ?
What is the Russified form of Teodorowicz ?
What is the other name for a person with this surname ?
What year did Ivan Teodorovich die ?
What was Ivan Teodorovich ' s ethnicity ?
What was Ivan Teodorovich ' s real name ?
What was the name of Ivan Teodorowicz ' s Russian name ?
What was Teodorowicz ' s title ?
When was Józef Teodorowicz Archbishop of Lviv ?
What was the name of Józef Teodorowicz ?
Who was the last Armenian Catholic Archbishop of Lviv ?
Who is Katarzyna Teodorowicz - Lisowska ?
What is the name of Katarzyna Teodorowicz - Lisowska ?
What was Jean Paelinck ' s life span ?
What was Jean Paelinck ' s occupation ?
What was Jean Paelinck ' s ethnicity ?
What province was Jean Paelinck appointed governor of in 1955 ?
What province was Jean Paelinck appointed governor of in 1955 ?
What was the Belgian name for Jean Paelinck ?
What was Jean Paelinck ' s position in the Belgian Congo ?
What was Bolland ' s career ?
When was William Procter Bolland alive ?
What was the full name of William Procter Bolland ?
For what club did Bolland play ?
In what type of matches did Bolland appear ?
How many first - class matches did Bolland appear in ?
What is the abbreviation for " professional " ?
In what language was Bolland listed as a player ?
What is the Persian name for Aq Qala Industrial Park ?
What is the name of the Aq Qala Industrial Park ?
What is the name of the company town and village in Gorganbuy Rural District ?
In what district is Aq Qala Industrial Park located ?
In what district of Aqqala County is the Aq Qala Industrial Park located ?
What province is the Aq Qala Industrial Park in ?
What is the main industry of Aq Qala Industrial Park ?
In what county is Aq Qala Industrial Park located ?
How many families live in Aq Qala Industrial Park ?
When was the population of Aq Qala Industrial Park 75 ?
What is Deborah Renshaw - Parker ' s career ?
What is the date of Deborah Renshaw - Parker ?
What is the name of the race called in the Craftsman Truck Series ?
What kind of shell is the species of Terebra twilae ?
What is the name of the species of sea snail ?
What is the name of the species ?
What family are auger snails in ?
What are the name of the family Terebridae ?
What is a parent trigger ?
What type of school is a parent trigger used to transform a poorly performing public school into ?
What is a legal maneuver by which parents can change the administration of a poorly performing public school ?
What is a parent trigger ?
What law was passed in January 2010 ?
Who has used the parent trigger law ?
What have parents adopted to the parent trigger law ?
When was the first parent trigger law passed in California ?
What happened to the parents of the parents that passed the parent trigger law ?
Who passed the parent trigger law ?
Who wrote about the 20th Street parent trigger law ?
Along with 20th Street Elementary School , what other school in California has used the parent trigger law ?
Which school in LAUSD has been one of the most improved ?
What law was used in California to help the parents of Palm Lane Elementary School ?
What do parents in 20th Street Elementary School and Palm Lane Elementary School use ?
What is the name of the campaign that led to the improvement of 20th Street Elementary School ?
Where did Villaraigosa write about the 20th Street parent trigger ?
What has the parent trigger law done to 20th Street Elementary School ?
What is Kim Ko - am ' s birth date ?
What type of cross - country skiing is Kim Ko - am ?
What event did Kim compete in at the 1964 Winter Olympics ?
When did Kim Ko - am compete in the men ' s 30 kilometer event ?
What is the Korean name for Kim Ko - am ?
What type of skier is Kim Ko - am ?
When was Anton Drasche born ?
What was Drasche ' s profession ?
What was the name of Anton Drasche ' s nickname ?
Who was he a student of ?
Who recommended that he become an associate professor ?
Who was another of his instructors in Vienna ?
What cholera epidemic was he responsible for ?
What part of the Allgemeines Krankenhaus did he command ?
What disease did he treat in 1855 ?
How did he treat the cholera section ?
What did he do ?
What was his habilitated for in 1858 ?
What other disease was he concerned with ?
Who was his instructor in Vienna ?
What was he at the forefront of promoting ?
What is he known for studying ?
What is one of the diseases that he studied ?
What position did he receive in 1874 ?
What position did he receive in 1872 ?
Was he concerned with heart and pulmonary diseases ?
Where was the cholera section of the Vienna cholera epidemic located ?
When was the cholera epidemic in Vienna ?
What actor joined the judging panel after Petre ' s exclusion ?
Who joined the judging panel after Petre was removed from the fifth season ?
Who was on the judging panel for the Romanian version of Got Talent ?
Who is the other judge on the judging panel ?
What is the Romanian version of Got Talent called ?
What does the Romanian version of the show Românii au talent mean ?
What is the Romanian version of ?
When did Românii au talent begin ?
Who was the first judge to be eliminated from the judging panel ?
What is Românii au talent ?
Who was excluded from the fifth season ?
How much money is the winner of Românii au talent awarded with ?
Who was the opening judge of the Romanian version of Got Talent ?
Who developed the Romanian version of Got Talent ?
What is the Romanian version of Got Talent called ?
What acts as a Romanian version of Got Talent ?
What is the name of the judge panel ?
Which season did Mihai Petre leave the judging panel ?
What happened on 18 February 2011 ?
Who partnered with Arthur Ashe in the quarterfinals ?
What did Jimmy Connors and Ilie Năstase call themselves ?
Who was the defending champion ?
What was the reason for the absence of Jimmy Connors and Ilie Năstase ?
What was the final score in the final ?
What was the final score in the final ?
What was the final score in the final ?
What was the result of the ball that Tom Okker and Marty Riessen did ?
What is the name of the song that Tom Okker and Marty Riessen performed ?
Who won the title ?
What kind of creature is Cratera cryptolineata ?
What is the name of the land planarian from Brazil ?
What is Hadrosaurichnoides ?
What was the original description of the dinosaur footprint attributed to an ornithopod trackmaker ?
What is Hadrosaurichnoides a controversial ?
What did Lockley and Wright do with the validity of the original description ?
What did the original description attribute the dinosaur footprint to ?
What was the original description of Hadrosaurichnoides attributed to ?
What did Lockley and Wright argue about the dinosaur footprint ?
In what year did Wright and what other scientist argue that the tracks were actually left by theropods ?
What is Sakai ' s profession ?
What is the name of Sakai ' s company ?
What was the date of Sakai ' s birth ?
What is the name of the company founded by Sakai ?
What is one community in Cherryhill Township that is not included in the census ?
What was another name for Mitchell ' s Mills ?
What was the name of the manor that was surveyed to the Penns ?
What is the name of the community in Cherryhill Township ?
What is the name of the community in Cherryhill Township ?
What countries are in Cherryhill Township ?
What county is Cherryhill Township located in ?
When was the population of Cherryhill Township ?
Does Cherryhill Township include the borough of Clymer ?
What is the name of the township in Indiana County ?
What did the Russian military intervention in Syria start ?
What other military force did the Russian have ?
How many Russians were stationed in Syria ?
What is the name of the Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War ?
When did the Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War begin ?
How many bombers did the Russian military have ?
How many bombers did the Russian military have ?
How many helicopters did the Russian military have ?
How many bombers did the Russian military have ?
How many aircraft did the Russian military have ?
How many PMC deaths were reported in the civil war ?
As of February 23 , 2019 , how many confirmed Russian military deaths have been confirmed ?
What was the CIT ' s estimate of the number of PMC deaths ?
What does CIT stand for ?
What was the number of people killed by private military contractors ?
What kind of fighters were the fighters killed in the civil war ?
How many PMC deaths were reported in the first several months of 2017 ?
How many fighters have been confirmed to have been killed in the Syrian Civil War ?
How many Russians were killed in Syria during the civil war ?
What did the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights say about the Russian military deaths ?
Who reported the deaths of private military contractors in the Syrian Civil War ?
What is the status of the Russian military deaths in the Syrian Civil War ?
During what period of 2017 did PMC deaths occur ?
What did the CIT say about the deaths of private military contractors ?
When will the latest confirmed Russian deaths in the Syrian Civil War ?
When was one PMC killed ?
What company were the PMC workers from ?
How many PMC deaths were said to have been killed ?
What is the official number of PMC deaths in the civil war ?
When was the first PMC killed ?
What is the Russian company that owns the PMC ?
Who said 264 Russian servicemen and PMC were killed in Syria ?
When did the Russian PMC deaths begin ?
What did the founder of CIT say was at least 100 - 200 PMC deaths ?
What kind of estimate did the CIT make of the number of PMC deaths ?
On what date did the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights say 264 Russian servicemen and PMC were killed in Syria ?
What is the Russian Armed Forces considered to be killed in ?
What is the Doctrina Jacobi ?
What happened to the term Saracen after the Age of Discovery ?
When did the term Saracen become synonymous with Muslim ?
Where did the term Saracen become synonymous with Muslim ?
What was the rule that the words Muslim and Islam were not used ?
What word was used to refer to the people who lived in desert areas in and near the Roman province of Arabia Petraea ?
During what time period did the term Saracen become associated with tribes of Arabia ?
In what centuries did Greek and Latin writings use the term Saracen ?
During what time period were the Saracen referred to by Christian writers ?
What was associated with tribes of Arabia during the Early Middle Ages ?
What was the term for Arab Muslims in Europe during the Middle Ages ?
In what languages was the term Saracen commonly used to refer to Muslim Arabs ?
What was Arabia Petraea ?
What is the term used to refer to the people who lived in the desert areas of Arabia Petraea ?
In the early centuries of the Common Era , the term Saracen was used to refer to the people who lived in what areas ?
Was the term Saracen used to refer to Muslim Arabs before the 16th century ?
During what era did the term Saracen evolve ?
Who referred to the Saracen ?
Who used the term Saracen ?
What did the term Saracen mean with Muslim in Medieval Latin literature ?
What was another term for Saracen ?
In what century were documents from the Byzantine Greeks first used the term Saracen ?
When is the oldest source that mentions the term Saracen ?
Before what century was the term Saracen commonly used to refer to Muslim Arabs ?
By what century had the term Saracen become synonymous with Muslim ?
What word was not used in Western languages before the 16th century ?
What was discussed in Doctrina Jacobi ?
What did the Western use to refer to Muslim Arabs ?
What is the name of the plant that is associated with the term Saracen ?
What was the term used to refer to the people who lived in the desert areas of Arabia Petraea ?
What happened to the meaning of the term Saracen during its history ?
What is the Béarnese Occitan name for the church ?
What type of church is L ' église Saint - Girons ?
What is the heart of oak frame of the church represent ?
What was the size of the church in Béarn in the 15th century ?
Why was it the largest Gothic church in Béarn in the 15th century ?
What architectural style is the church in ?
When was the L ' église Saint - Girons classified as a monument historique ?
What is the English translation of L ' église Saint - Girons ?
What is the heart of the L ' église Saint - Girons made of ?
What was the church classified as on 7 August 1913 ?
What language is the language used to refer to the church ?
When was the largest Gothic church in Béarn ?
What is the English translation of the church ?
What is the Japanese name for Kakashi ?
What is the main focus of the season ?
What service began providing subtitled episodes of the season on January 2 , 2009 ?
What does Kakashi Hatake join ?
What is the Japanese version of ' Shadow of the ANBU Black Ops ' ?
What is the sixteenth season of ?
What season of Naruto is the episodes for ?
How long was the season aired ?
What is the Japanese word for Shadow ?
What was the series ' Part II based on ?
Along with Crunchyroll , who provided subtitled episodes for the season ?
What is the name of the website that provides the episodes for Naruto : Shippuden ?
What part of the manga series was based on the episode for Naruto ?
When was the first episode of the season released ?
Who wrote the manga ' s Part II ?
When was the season released ?
Who directed the episodes for the sixteenth season of Naruto ?
What was the name of the DVD release ?
When was the season released ?
How many musical themes does the season contain ?
What is the second opening theme for the season ?
What is FLAME ?
What is the first of the season ?
What is the first of the season ?
How many endings does the season contain ?
Who performed the first ending theme ?
What does Niji mean ?
What does the opening theme of the season " Tsuki no Ōkisa " mean ?
When was the first ending theme used ?
When is the second ending theme used ?
When was the first ending theme used ?
Who performed the second ending theme ?
What does the English translation of Guren mean ?
What is the Romanized version of Bafq ?
What province is Bafq in ?
How many families lived in Bafq in 2006 ?
When was the population of Bafq ?
What county is Bafq the capital of ?
What was Loukanikos ' original name ?
What was Loukanikos often used to stop protesters ?
How many protests did Loukanikos participate in ?
Who cared and cared for Loukanikos ?
What was Loukanikos ?
How many times was Loukanikos thrown at him ?
What was Loukanikos ' s nickname ?
What did Loukanikos help in ?
Who did Loukanikos lead the protesters ?
What was Loukanikos known for doing ?
How did Loukanikos respond to the Greek protests ?
How was Loukanikos known ?
What type of protest did Loukanikos participate in ?
What kind of protests did Loukanikos participate in ?
Was Loukanikos active in all Greek protests ?
What was Loukanikos known for doing ?
What type of protests did Loukanikos participate in ?
Who did Loukanikos bark at ?
What happened to the dog when he was confused between the two sides ?
What was the dog confused with when he was in the middle of a protest ?
What were police in the video footage ?
What did the dog side with when the protesters attacked the police ?
What did Newsnight create of the dog during the protests ?
What was the cause of the dog ' s confusion ?
Who were the protesters in the demonstration ?
Who nominated the dog for person of the year in 2011 ?
What did protesters run away from during the protests ?
Who was the dog in 2011 ?
Who did the police contingent attack ?
Where did the dog run with during the protests ?
What BBC program created a video montage of the dog ?
How did the dog react to the protest ?
What action did the dog do to protest police ?
When was the dog nominated for person of the year ?
What did the dog do with the protesters ?
What happened in 2014 ?
What is Loukanikos considered to be ?
What did Loukanikos ingestion cause his death ?
What was done shortly after Loukanikos passed away ?
How many monuments and murals were created in Loukanikos honor ?
Why did Loukanikos pass away ?
When was a memorial and large burial done after Loukanikos ' death ?
What is one of the causes of Loukanikos ' death ?
Did Loukanikos die due to ingestion of tear gas ?
Why did Loukanikos sustain his illness ?
When was the announcement of the Better Care Fund ?
How much does the Better Care Fund hope to save each year by keeping patients out of hospital ?
How much was the initial budget for the Better Care Fund ?
How much was the first budget for the Better Care Fund ?
What is the name of the pooled budget ?
What type of services is the Better Care Fund hoping to shift resources into ?
What are local councils allowed to increase ?
What is the goal of the Better Care Fund ?
How is the Better Care Fund funded ?
What is the Better Care Fund ?
Who is allowed to increase the local fund ?
What is the goal of the Better Care Fund ?
What type of services is the Better Care Fund hoping to shift resources into ?
Who announced the Better Care Fund ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was the biggest change in hospital admissions ?
What was Alvin Wilbert Blount ' s career ?
What did Blount do ?
What league was Alvin Wilbert Blount in ?
What league was the Washington Commandos in ?
What was Alvin Wilbert Blount ' s date of birth ?
What is Alvin ' s real name ?
What military organization is Blount a member of ?
What is the name of the Arena Football League team that Blount played for ?
What Arena Football League team did Blount play for ?
What was the life span of Dudley Brian Spalding ?
What is the origin of CFD ?
What does CFD stand for ?
What does CFD stand for ?
What was Spalding ' s other recognition ?
Who is the name of the person who created CFD ?
What does the abbreviation CFD stand for ?
Along with heat transfer and combustion , what field did Spalding help to advance ?
What do most of today ' s CFD software trace their origin to ?
What are most of the available CFD software tools ?
What was the Royal Academy of Engineering ' s FREng ?
What society did Spalding join ?
What engineering organization did Spalding join ?
Where was Spalding a professor ?
What was the main area of research that Spalding was known for ?
What is the abbreviation for Spalding ' s work ?
How long was the work of Dudley Spalding ' s group ?
What is PHOENICS ?
What did Spalding give on his promotion to Professor of Heat Transfer in 1958 ?
What was the main focus of CHAM ?
What company did Spalding found ?
What type of heat transfer processes did CHAM specialize in ?
What was the main subject of his lectures ?
What did Spalding give his first lecture on in 1958 ?
Where did Spalding get his PhD ?
Where was Spalding born ?
What was the main concern of CHAM ?
What department of Imperial College did Spalding work in ?
What is the PHOENICS CFD code ?
What was Spalding ' s contribution to PHOENICS ?
Where did Spalding work in 1954 ?
What degree did Spalding receive from Oxford ?
What school did Spalding attend ?
What is the name of the company that Spalding founded ?
What degree did Spalding receive from Oxford ?
What is the SIMPLE algorithm ?
What kind of equations is the SIMPLE algorithm used to solve ?
Who did he work with to create the SIMPLE algorithm ?
What kind of algorithm did SIMPLE have ?
What was Brian Spalding ' s job title ?
Where was Brian Spalding from ?
In what decade was Brian Spalding the Reilly Professor of Combustion Engineering ?
When did Spalding leave the Reilly Professor of Combustion Engineering ?
What was Brian Spalding ' s academic field ?
Who was the Reilly Professor of Combustion Engineering ?
What happened to Spalding when he was in Russia ?
Did Spalding die ?
At what event was Spalding taken ill ?
What is the name of the Thomas Cup ?
What stage of the Thomas Cup is listed in this article ?
What is the list of fixtures for the group stage ?
What are the times in Thailand ?
What was the nickname of Oliver Maurice Brown ?
In what season did Brown finish as Brighton ' s top scorer ?
In what season did Brown become Brighton ' s top scorer ?
Who was the name of Oliver ' s brother ?
What did Ambrose play ?
What was the younger brother Ambrose ' s career ?
What was the name of the city in which Brown was born ?
How many goals did Brown score in the Football League ?
What color was Buster Brown ' s football uniform ?
What was Brown ' s younger brother Ambrose ' s career ?
What was Oliver ' s brother ' s career ?
What was Buster Brown ' s nickname ?
How many goals did Brown score in 1934 - 35 for Brighton ?
What was Brown ' s place in the 1933 - 34 season ?
Where was Oliver Maurice Brown born ?
What city was the home of the team that Brown played for ?
What team did Brown play for ?
What position did Brown play in the Football League ?
What was the nickname of Oliver Maurice Brown ?
How many appearances did Brown make in the Football League ?
When will the tenth edition of Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival take place ?
Where is the Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival held ?
When will the tenth edition of Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival take place ?
What kind of festival is Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival ?
What type of film is Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival known for ?
What kind of festival is Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival ?
When does the tenth edition of Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival take place ?
What is Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival considered as in the UK and Europe ?
What type of film is featured at the Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival ?
What will take place in 2020 ?
What is the purpose of the Alchemy Film and Moving Image Festival ?
Who was commissioned to make a film at the Venice Biennale ?
What is one of Alchemy ' s projects that LUX Scotland selects ?
What does Alchemy Film & Arts aim to do with film ?
What did Alchemy Film & Arts do in 2017 ?
What does Alchemy Film & Arts ' year - round projects include ?
Who does Alchemy select candidates for ?
What kind of programming does Alchemy Film & Arts produce ?
What is Alchemy Film & Arts ?
What is Film Town ?
What type of artists does Alchemy Film & Arts support ?
What is Alchemy Film & Arts ' s annual event ?
What does Alchemy Film & Arts work with LUX Scotland to select candidates for Cove Park ' s moving image residencies ?
How many projects does Alchemy Film & Arts produce ?
What does Alchemy Film & Arts do ?
Who does Alchemy Film & Arts receive regular funding from ?
Whose work does Alchemy Film & Arts select for Cove Park ' s residencies ?
What is one of the goals of Alchemy Film & Arts ?
What is the main design element of Alchemy Film & Arts ?
Who did Alchemy Film & Arts work with Jan Svankmajer ?
What does Film Town aim to do to help local communities in Hawick ?
What is the name of the festival that Alchemy Film & Arts curates ?
Who is one artist who has worked with Alchemy ?
What does Alchemy work with LUX Scotland to do ?
What type of projects does Alchemy Film & Arts produce ?
Who is one artist who has worked with Alchemy ?
What is Alchemy Film & Arts ' most recent project ?
Who is the director of Alchemy Film & Arts ?
Who is one artist who has worked with Alchemy ?
What is the English translation of Alchemy Film & Arts ' s name ?
Who is one artist Alchemy worked with that has worked with Phil Collins ?
What did Alchemy Film & Arts curator in 2017 ?
Who is the director of Alchemy Film & Arts ?
What kind of focus does Alchemy Film & Arts have on Once Upon a Time in Hawick ?
Who does the filmmaking initiative aim to work with ?
Who is one artist who has worked with Alchemy ?
Whose work has Alchemy worked with ?
Who is the name of the artist who worked with Alchemy Film & Arts ?
What is the purpose of film ?
What is the name of the community filmmaking initiative that aims to work with local partners to widen access and cultural inclusion for Hawick ?
What type of art does Alchemy Film & Arts produce ?
What did Rachel Maclean commission for the Venice Biennale ?
What type of film does Alchemy select for LUX Scotland ?
Who is the name of the artist who worked with Alchemy Film & Arts ?
What is one of the things Alchemy Film & Arts produces that includes research and what ?
What does the Film Town project aim to help with access to ?
What is the name of the film that Alchemy Film & Arts produces ?
How many organisations receive regular funding from Creative Scotland ?
Who does Alchemy Film & Arts platform ?
What is the Polish name for Zubowice - Kolonia ?
Where is Zubowice - Kolonia located ?
What is the name of the voivodeship in which Zubowice - Kolonia is located ?
What is the name of the gmina in Zubowice - Kolonia ?
In what part of Poland is Zubowice - Kolonia located ?
What district is in Zamość County ?
What was Finlay Light ' s career ?
What role was Light considered for ?
What was Finlay Light ' s real name ?
What was the real name of Finlay Light ?
What was Finlay Light ' s real name ?
What was the real name of Finley Light ?
What happened to Timothy Dalton after he was considered for the role of James Bond ?
Was Finlay Light considered to play James Bond ?
What other actor was considered for the role of the Bond ?
What type of actors did the producers look at for the role of James Bond ?
Who did the producers look at for the role of the Australian Bond actor ?
What was the length of the contract that Light was signed to ?
What was the role of the character in the Bond movie ?
What happened to Light ' s contract with the Bond series ?
What is the name of the animal that Light was originally supposed to play in the Bond movie ?
What was the name of the actor who was originally going to play the part of the Bond character ?
How far does the Pays de Buch extend ?
What is the south end of the Pays de Buch ?
What is one of several areas that make up the Landes forest ?
What makes up the Landes forest ?
Where is Porge located in the Pays de Buch ?
What is the Pays de Buch part of ?
What river is in the Pays de Buch ?
What bay is the Pays de Buch located around ?
What year was Constantin Prezan born ?
What day did Constantin Prezan die ?
During what war did Prezan serve ?
What was Prezan ' s rank in World War I ?
What was Prezan ' s role in the war ?
What was the full name of Constantin Prezan ?
What is the name of the moth in Sesiidae ?
Where is the wingspan found ?
Where is it found in Europe ?
What family is Paranthrene insolita a moth of ?
How does the pupation take place ?
What other plant do the larvae feed on ?
What is the cocoon of the caterpillar ?
What is the cocoon of the caterpillar ' s cocoon covered with ?
Where do the larvae bore in their host plant ?
Where do the larvae bore ?
How long does theupation take for the pupa to live ?
What species of tree do the larvae of the species feed on ?
What is one plant that the larvae of the species feed on ?
What is the main plant that the larvae feed on ?
What is the cocoon of the larvae ?
What do the larvae of the species of Populus eat ?
What do the larvae bore into ?
What kind of cocoon do the larvae create ?
What is the Kyoto Hannaryz ?
What is the name of the Kyoto Hannaryz ?
What conference are the Kyoto Hannaryz in ?
In what prefecture is the Kyoto Hannaryz based ?
What is the Japanese word for a Hannaryz ?
What is the name of the Kyoto Hannaryz ?
During what years was the Lincoln Administration ?
What is the name of the person who named Lincoln County ?
During what administration was Idaho created ?
What is the county name of Lincoln County ?
What is Shoshone ' s status in the county ?
When was the population of Lincoln County ?
What is the largest city in Lincoln County ?
Where is Lincoln County located ?
What was the name of the territory created in 1863 ?
What is the name of the area that includes Lincoln County ?
What is the name of the county in which Lincoln County is located ?
What was the western portion of Lincoln County partitioned into ?
What part of Lincoln County became Jerome County ?
What was the eastern portion of Lincoln County partitioned into ?
What is the name of the county in which Lincoln County is located ?
What happened to the borders of Jerome County ?
What is the name of the county in which Lincoln County is located ?
What did Lincoln County assume on February 8 , 1919 ?
On what date was Lincoln County created ?
What are the names of the counties in Idaho that are part of Lincoln County ?
When was Lincoln County partitioned ?
Who created Lincoln County ?
When did Lincoln County receive its present borders ?
What percentage of people in Lincoln County were Mormon in 2002 ?
Was Lincoln County created earlier ?
What is Lincoln County ?
What is Machi Sangenya ' s job title ?
Who played the lead role in Ie Uru Onna ?
What is Ie Uru Onna ?
What is the Japanese name for Your Home is My Business ! ?
What is Machi Sangenya ' s motto ?
Who is the real - estate salesperson who is " There isn ' t a house I can ' t sell " ?
What role does Keiko Kitagawa play in Ie Uru Onna ?
When did Ie Uru Onna begin ?
What is the English title of Your Home is My Business ! ?
What kind of series is Ie Uru Onna ?
What is the English translation of Ie Uru Onna ?
What ' s the English version of ' Ie Uru Onna no Gyakushu ' ?
What is the name of the sequel to Your Home is My Business ! 2nd Attack ?
What type of episode aired in 2017 ?
What is the English title of Ie Uru Onna no Gyakushu ?
What is the English title of Your Home is My Business ! ?
What road passes through Tindivanam ?
What is Tindivanam ' s ranking in terms of population ?
What is the largest town in Villupuram District ?
What pass passes through Tindivanam ?
What district is Tindivanam in ?
What is the name of the town that Tindivanam is located in ?
What is the name of the important road in Tindivanam ?
What district is Tindivanam in ?
What is the Tamil word for Tindivanam ?
What state is Tindivanam in ?
What kind of roads pass through Tindivanam ?
What is the principle that describes software entities should be open for extension ?
What does the open - closed principle state should be open for extension ?
What type of programming is the open - closed principle ?
What does the open - closed principle say that software entities should be closed for ?
What does the open - closed principle say that software entities should be open for extension ?
What can an entity allow its behavior to be ?
What can an entity allow its behavior to be extended without modifying ?
What name has been used in two ways to resolve the apparent dilemma ?
What is one way to resolve the apparent dilemma ?
How many times has the name open - closed principle been used ?
What is an example of a generalization ?
What do the two ways of the open - closed principle resolve ?
What is one of the five SOLID principles ?
How many SOLID principles are there ?
What is the Open - closed principle ?
What should a View have when creating a Class component ?
In Angular , React , and a what type of component should a View have ?
What should a View have to display when requested ?
How many languages are used to express the Function is a first - class citizen ?
What are the same in Typescript or Javascript ?
What does the Function is a first - class citizen allow for aggregation of ?
In Typescript , Javascript , and Angular , what is the function " Function " ?
What principle is followed by aggregation of behaviors outside of a class ?
What was Sneakbo ' s first hit single ?
Where did Sneakbo ' s song " The Wave " peak ?
What kind of hits did Sneakbo release ?
What is Sneakbo ' s stage name ?
What is Sneakbo ' s real name ?
What is the name of Sneakbo ' s hit single ?
How long has Sneakbo been in the music business ?
What was Sneakbo ' s first hit single ?
What is Sneakbo ' s stage name ?
What is Sneakbo ' s stage name ?
What position did Sneakbo ' s song " The Wave " peak on the UK Singles Chart ?
What is the name of Sneakbo ' s album ?
Who released his debut album Brixton ?
What did Sneakbo do for over 8 years ?
When was Sneakbo ' s debut album released ?
How long did Sneakbo release music ?
What was released in 2007 ?
What is the name of the band that performed at the MTV Unplugged concert ?
What was the live album recorded for ?
What certification did the home video release of the Unplugged receive by the RIAA ?
Which release of the concert received a gold certification by the RIAA ?
What Billboard chart did the album debut at No . 3 ?
What was the name of the MTV Unplugged show ?
What was the name of Alice in Chains ' 1995 album ?
On what date was the DVD released ?
On what date was the live album released ?
What was performed at the concert at MTV Unplugged ?
On what date did MTV Unplugged first air ?
What type of venue was the concert recorded at ?
What type of album is Unplugged ?
What is included in the MTV Unplugged set ?
On what date was the album Unplugged released ?
Who directed the MTV Unplugged concert ?
How long was Alice in Chains ' first MTV Unplugged concert in place ?
When was the song " The Killer Is Me " performed at an MTV Unplugged concert ?
How did the MTV Unplugged show impact on the public ?
What type of songs are featured in the MTV Unplugged ?
What type of records were used to record the MTV Unplugged ?
What certification did the album receive by the RIAA ?
Where was the recording of the Unplugged ?
Along with lesser known songs , what is featured on the MTV Unplugged ?
When was the live album released ?
What did the album do on the Billboard 200 ?
What versions of Alice in Chains ' songs are featured on MTV Unplugged ?
What version of " Over Now " was released as a single ?
What was the name of Alice in Chains ' s album ?
How was the acoustic version of " Over Now " originally released ?
What was the first MTV Unplugged concert ?
What is Makaan ?
What feature does Makaan . com have for brokers ?
Who does Rin ally with ?
What else is based on the Fate / stay night series ?
What was the first game to introduce Rin Tohsaka ?
What is the second route of the novel ?
What kind of books are the prequel Fate / Zero ?
What is Rin Tohsaka ?
What is Rin Tohsaka ?
What is the war between mages and warriors called ?
What was the first video game based on the Fate / stay series ?
What type of game is Fate / stay night ?
What was the name of the visual novel that Rin Tohsaka was introduced in ?
What is the name of the series of light novels written by Gen Urobuchi ?
What is Rin Tohsaka ' s Japanese name ?
Who is the Holy Grail War ?
What is Rin ' s profession ?
In what route of the novel is Rin and Shirou Emiya involved ?
What relationship does Rin and Shirou Emiya form in the novel Unlimited Blade Works ?
What role does Rin play in the Unlimited Blade Works ?
Who wrote the prequel Fate / Zero ?
Besides the visual novel , what other media has Rin appeared in ?
How is Rin present in the prequel Fate / Zero ?
What is Rin Tohsaka ' s Hepburn name ?
What is the name of the main character in the 2004 visual novel Fate / stay night ?
Who thought Rin was one of the best characters in the anime adaptations ?
How has Rin ' s relationship with Shirou appeared in the series ?
What did the relationship between Rin and Shirou earn ?
What type of game is Rin a part of ?
What is the English name of Rin ?
Who is Rin ' s voice actress in Japanese ?
What was the critical reception to Rin ' s character ?
What has been generally positive to Rin ' s character ?
What did several writers call Rin in the anime adaptations of the visual novel ?
What kind of games have Rin been praised for ?
Who has the name Maggi ?
Who are some of the notable people with the name Maggi ?
What is another name for Maggi ?
What kind of puzzles are used in Murder by Numbers ?
What is Murder by Numbers ?
What genre of game is Murder by Numbers a hybrid of ?
What is the main feature of Murder by Numbers ?
What day is the game ' s release date ?
What is the name of the organization that publishes Murder by Numbers ?
What was the name of the family ?
Who erected the genus Tetracis ?
When was Gian Carlo Abelli alive ?
What was Abelli ' s political affiliation ?
What was the Italian name for Gian Carlo Abelli ?
In what election was Abelli elected to the Chamber of Deputies ?
In what body did Abelli become leader of Forza Italia ' s group ?
What was Gian Carlo Abelli ' s career ?
What political group did Abelli lead ?
What happened to Abelli in 2005 ?
What is polyamorous ?
What is the CDC using Young people having MSP in the last year to do ?
What is the definition of MSP ?
What is the measure and incidence of engaging in sexual activities with two or more people within a specific time period ?
What is a polyamorous relationship defined as ?
What else is the CDC monitoring ?
When can a person be said to have multiple sex partners ?
What is the term for the time period that multiple sex partners are taking place ?
What can be said to have a long term relationship with MSP ?
What is MSP ?
What is MSP defined as ?
What is a long term relationship that can be described as MSP ?
How do HIV / AIDS infection rates and deaths change ?
How does the CDC monitor the worldwide HIV / AIDS infection rates and deaths ?
What is the indicator used by the CDC to evaluate risky sexual behavior in adolescents ?
What is the use of young people having MSP in the last year ?
What happens with sexual activity with MSP ?
What does the CDC stand for ?
What is polyamorous ?
What can MSP mean ?
Who has MSP in the last year ?
What is the term MSP used for ?
What is one sex that can be included in MSP ?
When was Jose Carlos Cataño born ?
What is the name of his work ?
What is Jose Carlos Cataño ' s profession ?
Where is his home ?
Where is José Carlos Cataño from ?
What was launched in November 2017 ?
What type of fund is Episode 1 an example of ?
What did the government give to the launch of the Episode 1 investment fund ?
What is the second Enterprise Capital Fund ' s focus ?
What is the name of the company that runs Episode 1 ?
What type of companies is Episode 1 meant to invest in ?
What did the government say the Episode 1 investment will target ?
What type of companies does Episode 1 invest in ?
What type of fund is Episode 1 ?
Who is the head of Episode 1 ?
How much did Episode 1 ' s first fund cost ?
What is the purpose of the Enterprise Capital Funds ?
How much did Episode 1 invest in its first fund ?
How much did Episode 1 invest in its first fund ?
What company did Alex Chesterman help to help start Episode 1 ?
How many people are behind the Episode 1 investment fund ?
What is the goal of Episode 1 ' s first fund ?
What is the first stage of the start - up process that the three partners have been through ?
What type of fund was launched in November 2017 ?
What type of businesses is the second Enterprise Capital Fund focused on ?
What type of companies does Episode 1 invest in ?
What stage of the start - up process have the three partners been through ?
How much did Episode 1 ' s first fund start ?
How much did Episode 1 ' s first fund total ?
What was the name of Episode 1 ' s investment fund ?
How much money was matched to the first episode 1 investment ?
Who is the Business Secretary Vince Cable ?
What did the government ' s Business Secretary Vince Cable say the Enterprise Capital Fund will target ?
What was the initial amount of the Episode 1 investment ?
What was the initial funding of Episode 1 made up of ?
What type of investment was the Episode 1 investment made up of ?
When did Episode 1 launch a second Enterprise Capital Fund totalling £60m ?
What generation of British tech ventures does Episode 1 aim to start ?
What was the initial funding of Episode 1 ?
What does the 3 partners do with Episode 1 ?
What type of investor are the three partners behind Episode 1 ?
What market did Vince Cable say the Enterprise Capital Fund will target ?
What is the name of the venture fund that the three partners behind the company are involved in ?
Along with Simon Murdoch , who is the other partner behind Episode 1 ?
What is the name of the partner behind Episode 1 ?
What did the company do with the second Enterprise Capital Fund ?
What was the goal of Episode 1 ' s first fund ?
What type of stage of business is the second Enterprise Capital Fund focused on ?
What is the name of the venture fund that Episode 1 is trying to launch ?
How many partners worked at Octopus Investments ?
Who did Simon Murdoch and Damien Lane work for Octopus Investments ?
How many of the partners worked at Octopus Investments ?
What did the team at Episode 1 do ?
What did the team at Episode 1 make early investments in ?
Betfair has a market cap of over what ?
What company was sold to Zynga in 2014 ?
Where is Zoopla now listed ?
What year was Natural Motion sold to Zynga ?
What company was sold to Cisco Systems in what year ?
What is the market cap of Betfair ?
What did the team at Episode 1 work for ?
What is Betfair ' s market cap ?
Who bought ScanSafe in 2009 ?
Where is Zoopla ' s stock ?
Who was the Minister of the Naval Service ?
What was the name of the navy in Canada ?
The Minister of what was responsible for overseeing the Royal Canadian Navy ?
What happened in 1923 ?
The National Defence Act merged the Minister of Militia and Defence with the Minister of what ?
When was the position of Minister of National Defence for Naval Services re - established ?
What was the Minister of National Defence for what Canada ?
What was the position of Minister of what ?
What is the Canadian equivalent of the Minister of National Defence for Naval Services ?
Who was the producer on the album ?
Who was Gary Smith ' s only album with ?
Who was Dennis Keith Johnson ' s brother ?
How long did it take to release the album ?
Who oversaw the recording of Survivor ' s debut album ?
What is the name of the band that released the album ?
What is the name of the album that Survivor released ?
How was the album ' s recording sessions released ?
What was not without difficulty ?
Where was the album recorded ?
How long after the album was released was " Eye of the Tiger " released ?
What unique sound made Youngblood ' s song " Eye of the Tiger " a blueprint for what band ' s hit ?
What chart did the album get on in 1980 ?
How did the album fare on the charts ?
What was the title of the band ' s hit single ?
What was the title of the band ' s hit single " Eye of the Tiger " ?
What type of hit was " Eye of the Tiger " ?
What was the album ' s title track ' s impact on the Chicago area ?
What was the title of the album ' s first hit single ?
Where was the album " somewhere In America " a regional hit ?
What happened to the original Survivor recording ?
What was the album version of the Survivor recording released in 2004 ?
What was rejected for the album ?
What was the reasoning for Nevison ' s rejection of the song " Rockin ' into the Night " ?
What was the name of the song that was rejected from the album ?
Who recorded the song " Rockin ' into the Night " ?
What did the 2010 re - release of the album do to the bonus track ?
What is the Japanese release of the album ' s Rebel Girl ?
What was the name of the single that was recorded after the album sessions ?
What version of the album includes Rebel Girl as song number six ?
What is the Japanese release of the album ?
What is the song " Rebel Girl " added to the album ?
What year saw the addition of the song " Rebel Girl " ?
What was the single " Rebel Girl " recorded after ?
Who was the member of the band ?
Who is the model on the cover of the album ?
What was Cameron ' s position ?
When was William Alexander Cameron born ?
In what league did Cameron play for the Montreal Canadiens ?
How long did Cameron play in the National Hockey League ?
What was the name of the team that Cameron played for ?
What was the name of the team that Cameron played for ?
What trophy was Cameron on ?
What was William Alexander Cameron ' s birth date ?
What was Cameron ' s nickname ?
How many named tributaries does Darby Creek have ?
What is one reason the creek is considered to be impaired ?
How long is Darby Creek ?
How large is the watershed of Darby Creek ?
How large is the watershed of Darby Creek ?
What is one of the named tributaries of Darby Creek ?
What is another name for Little Darby Creek ?
What is another name for Darby Creek ?
What is the name of the tributary of Darby Creek ?
What is one of the named tributaries of Darby Creek ?
What was another name for Darby Creek ?
What is the main problem with Darby Creek for most of its length ?
What is the source of the variability of Darby Creek ?
In which US states is Darby Creek a tributary of the Delaware River ?
What is a source of the variability of Darby Creek ?
What kind of alkaline is Darby Creek ?
Where is the Darby Creek located ?
What is the quality of the water in the majority of its length ?
How is Darby Creek known ?
What is a major impairment of the reach of Darby Creek ?
What is another name for Darby Creek ?
What is the name of the river that feeds Darby Creek ?
In what county is Darby Creek located ?
In what county is Darby Creek located ?
How long is Darby Creek ?
What was removed from the Darby Creek ?
What physiographic provinces is Darby Creek in ?
What is the watershed of Darby Creek part of ?
How many people live in the watershed of Darby Creek ?
What is found in the watershed of Darby Creek ?
What does Darby Creek flow through a narrow valley ?
In what reaches of Darby Creek does it flow through a tidal flat ?
In what county is most of the watershed of Darby Creek located ?
What is the name of the major rock formation in the watershed of Darby Creek ?
In what part of the watershed does Darby Creek flow through a narrow valley ?
What type of land does Darby Creek flow through in its lower reaches ?
How many people live in the watershed of Darby Creek ?
What is the physiographic province that Darby Creek is in ?
What county is most of the watershed in ?
What kind of valley does Darby Creek flow through in its upper reaches ?
In what county is the watershed of Darby Creek located ?
What is the watershed of Darby Creek ?
In what county is most of the watershed of Darby Creek located ?
Where is the Wissahickon Formation located ?
What group operates within the watershed of Darby Creek ?
What is the name of the national wildlife refuge in the vicinity of Darby Creek ?
Where is the John Heinz National Wildlife Refuge listed ?
What people lived in the vicinity of Darby Creek ?
What is listed on the Delaware County Natural Areas Inventory ?
What is a notable area of the creek ?
What species of fish inhabit Darby Creek ?
What happened to the mills along the creek ?
What is the main reason the creek is so popular ?
What kind of fish is found in the Darby Creek ?
What is the name of the creek that is navigable by canoe ?
What areas in the vicinity of Darby Creek are listed on the Delaware County Natural Areas Inventory ?
What type of fish is found in the Darby Creek ?
What kind of fishery is found in the Darby Creek ?
When did the English and the Dutch arrive in the area ?
What types of mills were built along the creek ?
What types of fish inhabit the creek ?
Who has awarded grants to improve the creek ?
What was built along Darby Creek ?
When were grants awarded to improve the creek ?
When did the Dutch and Swedish arrive in the area ?
What is Darby Creek navigable by canoe ?
What kind of spider is Attulus penicilloides ?
What was the female name of the species ?
What genus was the female of Attulus penicilloides originally in ?
What is the name of the jumping spider that lives in North Korea ?
Who first described the female spider ?
Where does Attulus penicilloides live in North Korea ?
What genus was the female species moved to ?
What was the female of Attulus penicilloides ' s ?
How many members of the Supreme Court did Truman appoint ?
What was the role of a justice on the Supreme Court ?
Who was a justice of the Supreme Court during Truman ' s term ?
Who was a justice of the Supreme Court ?
What was the title of the highest court position in the Supreme Court ?
What states were there in the United States at the time of Truman ' s term ?
How many terms was President Truman in office ?
What branch of the government did Truman appoint to serve as a member of ?
What was Truman ' s job title ?
What is the Czech name for the Church of the Name of the Virgin Mary ?
What region is the Church of the Name of the Virgin Mary in ?
What is Křtiny ?
What is the Church of the Name of the Virgin Mary ?
What type of church is the Church of the Name of the Virgin Mary ?
What is the name of the Virgin Mary ?
Where is the Church of the Name of the Virgin Mary most celebrated ?
What is the Church of the Name of the Virgin Mary in Central Europe ?
In what country is the Church of the Name of the Virgin Mary located ?
Who designed the church ?
What group of monks lived in the complex ?
What was the bishop of ?
What is the church of the Premonstratensian Zábrdovice Abbey an iconic masterpiece of ?
Who ruled the temple ?
Who was the abbot of the temple ?
Who commissioned the church ?
What was behind in the slope of the church ?
What was the purpose of the complex of buildings ?
What is the Premonstratensian Zábrdovice Order dedicated to ?
What is the Premonstratensian Zábrdovice Abbey ?
What was the church a part of ?
What was the design of the church commissioned by Santini Aichel ?
What is the church of the church ?
What is the constituency of Fletton ?
What is Fletton ' s main use ?
For what purpose does Fletton fall into the North West Cambridgeshire constituency ?
What is Fletton ' s name ?
What is the county of cambridge ?

Where is the home stadium for Peterborough United ?
What is the nickname given to the area ?
In what year did the Football Association of England give the name of Peterborough United F . C . ?
What is the name of the variant of the tetraloop ?
Tetraloops are a type of what ?
What do tetraloops do ?
Where are tetraloops found ?
Are there many variants of the tetraloop ?
What type of tetraloops form conserved tetraloops ?
How many types of tetraloops are common in ribosomal RNA ?
What is the main function of tetraloops ?
GNRA , UNCG and CUUG are common in what type of RNA ?
How can the N be either uracil , adenine , cytosine , or guanine ?
What role do the three tetraloops play in the structure and function of 16S rRNA ?
In the three types of tetraloops , what can the N be ?
What is the important role of the tetraloops in the 16S rRNA ?
The three types of tetraloops play an important role in the structural stability and biological function of what type of rRNA ?
In the three types of tetraloops , what is the R ?
What is the name for the three types of tetraloops ?
What is the use of tetraloops for closing stems ?
What sequence is used to form tetraloop - receptor interactions ?
What kind of interactions are tetraloops with the sequence UMAC less likely to form ?
Are tetraloops with the sequence UMAC more or less likely to form tetraloop - receptor interactions ?
What tetraloop has a guanine - adenine base - pair ?
Tetraloops with the sequence UMAC may be less likely to do what ?
What are tetraloops with the sequence UMAC better suited for ?
What is the benefit of tetraloops with the sequence UMAC ?
What do tetraloops with the sequence UMAC have the same as the GNRA tetraloop ?
Are tetraloops more likely to form tetraloop - receptor interactions ?
What base pair is 3 ' to the helix of the tetraloop ?
What is the reason for GNRA occurrence ?
What is the stability of tetraloop ?
What provides exceptional stability to RNA ?
What percentage more than other tetranucleotides ?
What makes tetraloop thermodynamically stable ?
What other nucleotide is hydrogen bonded to the first guanine ?
What bonds are between the first guanine and fourth adenine nucleotide ?
What is extensive stacking of ?
What rare bonds are between the first guanine and fourth adenine nucleotide ?
GNRA occurs 50 % more than what other type of RNA ?
Hydrogen bonds between 2 ' OH of what sugar and nitrogenous bases make the tetraloop thermodynamically stable ?
What do GNRA nucleation sites for ?
What do GNRA tetraloop act as for proper folding of RNA ?
What is the rare hydrogen bond between the fourth adenine and what other nucleotide ?
What is the name for the stacking of nucleotide bases ?
What does the presence of GNRA tetraloop provide to RNA ?
The presence of the GNRA tetraloop provides exceptional stability to what ?
GNRA has the ability to withstand temperatures 4° C higher than what other RNA ?
What is one of the interactions that the UNCG is favorable ?
What makes up 70 % of all tetraloops in 16S - rRNA ?
What is one of the interactions that the UNCG is favorable ?
How is the UNCG favorable ?
What is the UNCG favorable thermodynamically and structurally ?
What is the UNCG ?
What type of tetraloop is more stable than UNCG tetraloops ?
What is the most stable tetraloop ?
What is the most stable tetraloop ?
The UUCG tetraloop is the most stable ?
How many tetraloops are there ?
What does the CUUG tetraloop have the highest likelihood of ?
What is the tetraloop ' s stability ?
What is the main reason the CUUG tetraloop has the highest likelihood of conformational changes ?
What uracil is unrestricted ?
What is the likelihood of conformational changes the CUUG tetraloop has ?
What is the tetraloop of the CUUG tetraloop ?
Why is the second uracil the most flexible ?
What tetraloop has the highest likelihood of conformational changes ?
What was Topp Dogg ?
How many albums was Topp Dogg released as a group ?
Did the original members change their name to Xeno - T ?
What was the original purpose of the group ?
How many soundtrack appearances did the group have as Topp Dogg ?
Where did Cho PD come up with the name Xeno - T ?
How many members are in the group Xeno - T ?
What happened to the group after Stardom Entertainment ' s merger with Hunus Entertainment ?
How many members are in the group ?
What company was the original group of Xeno - T under ?
How many repackages did Topp Dogg release as Topp Dogg ?
What company did the group move to ?
What was the original name of Xeno - T ?
What was the first change in the members of the group ?
How many EPs did Topp Dogg release as Topp Dogg ?
How many singles did Topp Dogg release as Topp Dogg ?
What is the name of the group that Xeno - T was formerly known as ?
What is the Korean word for " xeno - T " ?
What is the Hebrew word for Zadkiel ?
What is Hesediel Hebrew ?
What is Zadkiel considered to be the angel of mercy ?
What is the Coptic name for Zadkiel ?
What is Zadkiel ' s other name ?
What is Zadkiel ' s role in the Jewish tradition ?
What is another name for Zadkiel ?
What does Zadkiel mean ?
When does Zadkiel follow behind Michael ?
How do standard bearers follow Michael when he enters battle ?
Who does Zadkiel belong to the order of Hashmallim ?
What is another name for Zacharael ?
What is Zadkiel usually shown holding ?
Zadkiel is one of what ?
What is another name for the angel intended to be the Angel of the Lord ?
What is Zadkiel usually shown with ?
What does Zadkiel do to prevent Abraham from sacrificing his son ?
Where is Hesediel listed as co - chief with Gabriel ?
Who do some texts claim that Zadkiel is ?
Is the Angel of the Lord a theophany ?
What is the claim that Zadkiel is the Angel of the Lord ?
What is another name for Zadkiel ?
What is another term for Dominations ?
What color is Zadkiel associated with ?
What do some texts cite Michael or Tadhiel as ?
In Jewish mysticism and what other type of magic is Zadkiel associated with Jupiter ?
What planet is Zadkiel associated with ?
In what type of mysticism is Zadkiel associated with Jupiter ?
What is a regiment de marche not ?
What is the name of a temporary French temporary regiment ?
What does the English translation of the word regiment de marche mean in English ?
What is a regiment de marche created for ?
What is the purpose of a regiment de marche ?
What is the definition of a regiment de marche ?
How many battalion does a batallion de marche consist of ?
What type of unit may be created because of manpower shortages ?
What does Clayton describe a " batallion de marche " as consisting of ?
What is the name of the unit that comprised the fit trained personnel ?
What might a manpower shortage be a factor in the creation of a provisional unit ?
What type of conscripts and volunteers had not yet arrived ?
Why might a provisional unit be created ?
Who describes a " batallion de marche " as consisting of the fit trained personnel ?
What can be created from ?
Convoys of new recruits are drafted from what type of soldiers ?
Convoys of what type of soldiers are drafted from depots ?
How can units become disorganized ?
If soldiers are drafted from depots , garrisons , or discharged from hospitals , what happens to units ?
Cons of new recruits not yet formed into what units are called what ?
What is another designation used for Marching Brigades ?
What are the French term for Marching Squadrons ?
What is the French term for marching battalions ?
What is another name for marching battalions ?
What are Bataillons de Marche ?
What is another name for foreign contingents ?
Along with Troupes coloniales , what is another designation used for ?
What is another way to refer to the troops ?
When was Seth Landqvist born ?
In what year did Landqvist compete in the marathon ?
What was Seth Landqvist ' s nationality ?
What was the name of the Swedish long distance runner who competed in the 1908 Summer Olympics ?
What type of runner was Landqvist ?
What is Rodne Galicha currently working for ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s other career ?
What is the Living Laudato Si movement ?
What movement is he the lead convenor of in the Philippines ?
When was Rodne Galicha y Rodiño born ?
What award did he receive in 2013 ?
Who is Rodne Galicha ' s mother ?
What is one of Rodne Galicha ' s human rights activism ?
What did he co - found ?
What does TOYM stand for ?
What did the Philippine Tatler include Rodne Galicha in 2018 ?
What is We Are Nature ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s father ' s job ?
Who included Rodne Galicha in the generation T list ?
When did Rodne Galicha y Rodiño receive the 2013 Hero for the Environment award ?
What project was Rodne Galicha the Philippine Manager for ?
What type of conflict management is Rodne Galicha involved in ?
What is one of Rodne Galicha ' s concerns ?
What is the name of the author of We Are Nature ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s job title ?
What award did he receive in December of 2013 ?
What is one of Rodne Galicha ' s main concerns ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s current work ?
What is KASALI ?
What size is We Are Nature ?
What is the Filipino word for " to be " ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s role in Living Laudato Si movement in the Philippines ?
What is the acronym KASALI ?
What is one of the Generation T list ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s profession ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s position in the government ?
What is one of the Generation T list ?
What is one of the Generation T list ?
What is one of Rodne Galicha ' s conservation concerns ?
What is Rodne Galicha ' s award for the Outstanding Young Men and Women of the Philippines ?
What is the Sensoji Kannon temple ' s significance to the world ?
How many people visit the Sensoji Kannon temple ?
What is Senso - ji ?
What type of roof is used in the Sensoji Kannon temple ?
After what war did Senso - ji become independent ?
What is the most widely visited spiritual site in the world ?
What is located next to the Senso - ji temple ?
What distinction does Senso - ji have ?
To whom is the Sensoji Kannon temple dedicated ?
What is sold in the Nakamise - dōri ?
What sect of Buddhism is Senso - ji associated with ?
What is located next to the Asakusa Shinto shrine ?
What is located near the Senso - ji temple ?
What does the titanium tiled roof of the Sensoji Kannon temple maintain ?
Was Senso - ji originally affiliated with the Tendai sect ?
What happened after World War II ?
What is the Japanese word for Senso - ji ?
What is the natural region in Grand Est ?
What does the name Champagne crayeuse refer to ?
What is the name of the natural region in Grand Est ?
In what geographic part of France is Champagne crayeuse located ?
What does the chalk subsoil found throughout the region of Champagne crayeuse ?
What are Reims , Châlons - en - Champagne and Troyes ?
In what region is Champagne crayeuse located ?
What is Champagne crayeuse ?
What is the name of the species that is found in the Philippines ?
What family is Hyperolius inornatus a member of ?
What is the name of the country in which the species is found ?
What is another type of habitat for the species ?
What is another habitat for the species ?
What is the purpose of the species ?
What is the name of the species of legume ?
What family is Gleditsia vestita in ?
What type of weavers is Pseudotyphistes ?
What are the common names for the sheets of Pseudotyphistes ?
How was Pseudotyphistes species classified ?
What were the notches used for ?
What was the benefit of using edge - notched cards ?
What is the use of edge - notched cards ?
What were the name of the edge - notched cards ?
What were edge - notched cards used to store binary or logical data ?
What is another name for edge - notched cards ?
What was an obsolete technology used to store binary or logical data on paper index cards ?
What was another name for edge - notched cards ?
What were the name of the edge - notched cards ?
How much binary data was stored on edge - notched cards ?
What was another name for edge - notched cards ?
What type of data was stored on edge - notched cards ?
What was the benefit of using a notches in a paper - based database ?
How was the information stored on edge - notched cards ?
What type of information was used to store the information on the cards ?
When were edge - notched cards sold ?
What is the county of Norfolk ?
What is the status of Roughton ?
How far is Roughton from Cromer ?
How far is North Walsham from Roughton ?
How far is North Walsham from Roughton ?
How far is Roughton from Cromer ?
Where is Roughton located ?
How far is North Walsham from Roughton ?
What is a variant of the name Beata ?
What does the name of the given name mean ?
What is Beata ?
Where does the name Beata occur ?
What is the Latin word for " blessed " ?
What is one language that the name Beata is used ?
What does the Latin word " beatus " mean ?
What was the life span of Beata Asimakopoulou ?
Who was the name of the Greek actress who was an actress ?
What is Beate Bille ' s real name ?
What is the name of the actress who is known for being an actress ?
Who was Beata Brookes ?
Who was the name of the politician who was from Southampton ?
Who is Beata Bublewicz ?
Who is a polish politician ?
Who is Beate Bühler ?
What is the name of the German volleyball player ?
Who is Beata Gosiewska ?
Who is the polish politician ?
What is the name of Beata Harju ?
What is the name of the Finnish actress ?
What is Beate Heister ' s wealth ?
Who is the German billionaire ?
Who is Beata Kaczmarska ?
What is the name of the Polish race walker ?
Who was Beata Kitsikis ?
What was the Greek politician who was a Greek politician ?
What is Beate Klarsfeld ' s occupation ?
Who is the German Nazi hunter ?
Who is Beata Kozidrak ?
What is the name of Beata Kozidrak ?
What is the profession of Beata Losman ?
Who is the Swedish archivist ?
Who is Beata Mikołajczyk ?
What is the name of the Polish sprint canoer ?
Who was Beata Obertyńska ?
Who was the author of a book about Polish women ?
What is Beata Papp ' s nickname ?
What is the name of the Finnish figure skater ?
Who is Beata Pozniak ?
What is the name of the actress who is known for her role in the movie " Wojcie " ?
Who was Beata Rosenhane ?
What was the name of the Swedish writer who was a Swedish ?
Who was Beate Sirota ?
Who was the name of the performing arts presenter ?
Who is Beata Sokołowska - Kulesza ?
What is the name of the Polish sprint canoer ?
What was the death of Beata Sabina Straas ?
Who was the Swedish actress who died in 1773 ?
Who is Beata Szydło ?
What position did Beata Szydło hold ?
Who is the prime minister of Poland ?
Who is Beata Tyszkiewicz ?
What is the name of Beata Tyszkiewicz ?
Who was Beate Uhse - Rotermund ?
What was the maiden name of the German pilot who founded the company that founded the company ?
Who is Beate Zschäpe ?
Who is the German nazi - terrorist ?
Where did McCleary come from ?
When was William Boyd McCleary born ?
What is McCleary ' s nickname ?
What is McCleary ' s current position in the HM Diplomatic Service ?
Where is McCleary from ?
What role did McCleary fill in the British Virgin Islands ?
Where is McCleary from ?
What type of plays does the British Theatre Playhouse produce ?
What is the name of the British Theatre Playhouse ?
Who is the official name of the Queen ?
Who advised McCleary on his appointment as Governor of the British Virgin Islands ?
What country was there tension between the British Virgin Islands and the United Kingdom at the time of McCleary ' s appointment ?
How often is McCleary involved in meetings with the OMFIF ?
What type of shows does the British Theatre Playhouse aim to produce ?
What is one of the things that McCleary is involved in meetings with the OMFIF ?
What is McCleary regularly involved in at the OMFIF ?
Who awarded McCleary plaudits for his handling of the situation between the United Kingdom and the British Virgin Islands ?
What hurricane damaged the British Virgin Islands shortly after his arrival ?
What position did McCleary hold in Malaysia prior to becoming governor ?
What was McCleary ' s praise for the situation between the United Kingdom and the British Virgin Islands ?
What was the main issue between the United Kingdom and the British Virgin Islands at the time of McCleary ' s appointment ?
What is the British Theatre Playhouse ?
Was McCleary a patron of the British Theatre Playhouse ?
Where is McCleary on the OMFIF ?
When was McCleary appointed Governor of the British Virgin Islands ?
Before becoming Governor of the British Virgin Islands , what position did McCleary hold ?
What does Wila Sirka mean ?
What municipality is Wila Sirka located in ?
What is the meaning of Wila Sirka ?
Where is the mountain Azanaques located ?
In what province is Wila Sirka located ?
What is the Aymara term for red vein ?
What is another name for Wila Sirca ?
What color is Wila Sirka ?
In what department is Wila Sirka located ?
What mountain is Wila Sirka located between in the west ?
How tall is Wila Sirka ?
What is the name of the river Jach ' a Qala ?
What river flows to the south ?
Where does the river Jach ' a Qala come from ?
What is the date of Mosse ' s death ?
What was Sandy Mosse ' s career ?
What was the name of Sandy Mosse ' s nickname ?
How old was Sandy Mosse when he was born ?
When was Sandy Mosse influenced by Lester Young ?
What was Mosse ' s main touring during the 1950s ?
What was the name of the piece of Eight ?
What instrument did Mosse learn from ?
Who led the group that Mosse led with ?
What did Mosse and Touff co - lead ?
What instrument did Mosse play early in life ?
What was the name of the octet Mosse and Touff co - led ?
Who was a member of the octet Mosse led ?
Did Mosse play with Warren Kime ?
What type of wood is Mosse ' s saxophone made of ?
What is the name of Mosse ' s saxophone solo ?
Who did Mosse play with in 1951 ?
When did Mosse play with Bill Russo ?
What instrument did Mosse switch to at the beginning of the 1950s ?
What did Mosse do for Playboy and Down Beat in the 1950s ?
What award did Mosse receive in the 1950s ?
What is Mosse ' s nickname ?
What type of music did Mosse play ?
What instrument did Mosse play ?
When was Mosse diagnosed with cancer ?
What famous musician did Mosse play with in Paris with ?
Along with Buddy Rich , Maynard Ferguson , Maynard Ferguson , and Dave Mosse , who did Mosse play with in the 1960s ?
What was Mosse ' s nickname ?
With whom did Mosse play in the 1960 ' s ?
What was the name of Mosse ' s band called ?
When did Woody Herman tour Europe ?
What was the name of the band that Mosse and Touff co - led ?
What group did Mosse play with in the Netherlands ?
What did Mosse teach ?
What was the name of Mosse ' s wife ' s profession ?
What was one of the musicians Mosse worked with ?
What did Mosse do about his recordings ?
What did Mosse do with Zoot Sims and Al Cohn ?
What did Mosse play on in the 1970s ?
What did Mosse do with Clara ?
What is the name of the group Mosse worked with ?
What is the name of the group Mosse worked with ?
Who was in Volume Two ?
Along with Irvin Rochlin , Klaus Flenter , and Ben Gerritsen , who was in Volume Two ?
Along with Klaus Flenter , Klaus Hekkema , and Lex Cohen , who was in Volume Two ?
Along with Zoot Sims , who did Mosse tour with ?
What is the full name of the Hereditary Prince of Baden ?
When was Bernhard , Hereditary Prince of Baden born ?
What is the title of the Prince of Baden ?
What is the status of a prince ?
What is the German word for " prince " ?
What is the German word for " Prince of Baden " ?
What iwi was Te Kehu a member of ?
What was Te Kehu ' s name ?
What was Te Kehu ' s name ?
What was Te Kehu ' s name ?
What was Te Kehu ' s occupation ?
What was Te Kehu ' s name ?
What was the name of Te Kehu ' s son ?
How many children did Te Kehu have with Rere - tā - whangawhanga ?
What was the name of Te Kehu ' s son ?
What was the other signatory to the treaty ?
What was the name of the woman who signed the treaty ?
When did Te Kehu sign the Treaty of Waitangi ?
Who was Te Kehu ' s husband ?
What league is the Detroit Lions in ?
What is Bob Quinn ' s title with the Detroit Lions ?
What is Bob Quinn ' s profession ?
What is the name of the team that Bob Quinn is the general manager of ?
What is the name of the animal that lives in the Detroit Lions ?
When was Bob Quinn born ?
What is the nickname of Bob Quinn ?
Where did Liesl Ischia go to school ?
Who is Joseph Ischia ' s brother ?
What other records does Liesl Ischia hold ?
Where does Liesl Ischia work ?
What are Liesl Ischia ' s diving records ?
Where did Liesl Ischia win bronze in 2000 ?
What records does Liesl Ischia hold ?
What year did Liesl Ischia compete in ?
Who was the Australian diver who represented Australia at the 2002 Commonwealth Games ?
What did Liesl Ischia do after she retired from diving ?
What did Liesl Ischia do at the 2002 Commonwealth Games ?
Who played a supporting role in the film ?
Who was the main character in Vettaikaaran ?
What was the debut of B . Babusivan ?
Who was the cinematography for the film ?
When was Vettaikaaran released ?
Who is the main character in Vettaikaaran ?
What was Vijay ' s first with AVM Productions ?
What is the main story of Vettaikaaran ?
Who played a role in the movie Vettaikaaran ?
What is the name of the crime boss in the movie ?
What was the Telugu version of Vettaikaaran called ?
What does ' Vettaikaaran ' mean ?
Who directed the movie Vettaikaaran ?
Who conspired with the story of Vettaikaaran ?
What was the film ' s response to the Telugu version of Vettaikaaran ?
Who produced the film Vettaikaaran ?
What is the traditional definition of a free - to - air service carried on ?
What is a one - off fee for a FTA service ?
What is free - to - air service possible for people without a subscription ?
What is required to receive FTA services ?
What is another definition of a free - to - air service ?
In what sense is this carried on terrestrial radio signals and received with an antenna ?
What is one of the reasons that a subscription is not required for a free - to - air service ?
What is an example of a free - to - air service ?
Are FTA channels required for emergency broadcasts ?
What is an example of a carrier that provides content that is not required ?
If a premium subscription is not present , what are carriers mandated to do ?
Who provides the 1 - 1 - 2 emergency service ?
Does FTA refer to channels and broadcasters that provide content for which no subscription is required ?
What is the 1 - 1 - 2 ( 112 ) similar to ?
What does FTA refer to ?
What is an example of an FTA channel that is used for emergency broadcasts ?
Does a subscription is required to provide FTA channels ?
What are FTA channels used for ?
What is available if a premium subscription is not present ?
Cable television , the internet , and satellite are examples of channels that provide content that is required ?
If an OPT is not present , what might be required to deliver FTA channels even if it is not ?
Are FTA channels delivered by a subscription or by a carrier ?
Is FTV available without subscription ?
What is the restriction on FTV ?
How is FTV encoded ?
What is the relationship between free - to - air and shortwave radio ?
What is the video equivalent of free - to - air ?
Is free - to - air used for international broadcasting ?
What is free - to - air often used for ?
Most FTA retailers offer free channel guides ?
What is a free to air content available in North America ?
Content available for free to what use ?
Where is the content available for free - to - air use ?
Most FTA retailers list what in North America for free - to - air use ?
How large is the municipality of Tierra Blanca ?
What is the name of the city that is located in the municipality of Tierra Blanca ?
What is the city of Tierra Blanca ?
What role does the city play in the municipality ?
In what part of Veracruz is Tierra Blanca located ?
How large is the municipality of Tierra Blanca ?
What was the population of the city in 2005 ?
What was the population of the municipality in 2005 ?
What is the name of the city that is located in the same name ?
What serves as the municipal seat of the municipality ?
When was the population of the city of Tierra Blanca ?
When was the population of Tierra Blanca ?
What is the name of the group that founded El Sol de Terra Blance ?
What was Navarette Serna accused of being ?
How many people were killed at the party ?
How old were the men who were murdered ?
Who is the founder of El Sol de Terra Blance ?
Who was accused of being the local drug lord ?
Where was the crime committed ?
On what date was the date of the death of Francisco Navarette Serna ?
How many people were murdered in February 2016 ?
Why were the bodies of the five men crushed ?
What pandemic happened in Mexico City in 2020 ?
When was Navarette Serna accused of being the local drug lord ?
What type of creature is Cyrtodactylus guwahatiensis ?
What is the name of the gecko that is endemic to India ?
What is Beckwith ' s career ?
What was William Beckwith ' s birth date ?
How many goals did Beckwith kick for the Seniors ?
How many goals did Beckwith kick for the Reserves ?
What was William Beckwith considered to be ?
What was the name of the league in which William Beckwith played ?
In what season did Beckwith play for Richmond Under 19 ?
How long did Beckwith play for the Reserves ?
What was Beckwith ' s role in the Richmond Under 19 team ' s premiership winning season ?
What was Beckwith ' s position in the Richmond Football League ?
What did Beckwith play with Richmond as a 16 year old ?
How many games did Beckwith play for the Reserves ?
What is the name of William Beckwith ' s nickname ?
What is the name of William Beckwith ' s nickname ?
How many games did Beckwith play for the Seniors ?
Which Richmond team did Beckwith join in 1970 ?
What was the VFA ?
How many seasons did he play with Port Melbourne ?
What was the name of the side that Port Melbourne played in ?
What was the name of the team that played against Port Melbourne in the VFA ?
What was the name of the team that he played for ?
What did he do with Richmond in 1973 ?
During what season did he leave Richmond ?
What kind of ASICs are Teledyne DALSA known for fabricating ?
What type of imaging companies are part of the Teledyne Imaging group ?
What does Teledyne DALSA manufacture ?
What is one of the main products of Teledyne DALSA ?
What is Teledyne DALSA ?
What is the group that Teledyne DALSA is part of ?
What was the previous name of Teledyne DALSA ?
What is one type of electronic imaging component that Teledyne DALSA manufactures ?
What is the former name of DALSA Corporation ?
What umbrella are the leading edge imaging companies under ?
What is one example of a specialized electronic imaging component ?
What is one example of a specialized electronic imaging component ?
What supports the divergence of the two groups ?
What is the suborder Polypodiineae equivalent to ?
How many vascular bundles do most species in the Polypodiineae suborder have ?
How many vascular bundles do most species of Polypodiineae have ?
How many vascular bundles do eupolypods II have ?
Which species of fern has at least three vascular bundles ?
When did Christenhusz and Chase change the classification of the Polypodiineae ?
How did the suborder Polypodiineae and Aspleniineae separate during the mid - Cretaceous period ?
What order are ferns in ?
What is one way to support the divergence of the suborder Polypodiineae from Aspleniineae ?
Which species of fern has one vascular bundle ?
Which species of fern has two vascular bundles ?
What suborder of ferns is Polypodiineae equivalent to ?
In what system was the suborder Polypodiineae equivalent to eupolypods I ?
What suborder was Polypodiineae equivalent to ?
What suborder did Polypodiineae probably originate from ?
When was Lovro Kuhar alive ?
In what style did Voranc write his works ?
What was Lovro Kuhar ' s political affiliation ?
What was Lovro Kuhar ' s occupation ?
What type of novels did Voranc write ?
Along with novels , what type of writing did Voranc produce ?
What was Lovro Kuhar ' s real name ?
What was Lovro Kuhar ' s real name ?
What was established during the 1930s with his works ?
In what type of Slovenia did Voranc ' s works depict poverty ?
What type of novels did Voranc write ?
When was Doberdob published ?
What was Lovro Kuhar ' s pen name ?
What is a primitive recursive function ?
What is a strict subset of those general recursive functions ?
What are also total functions ?
What are general recursive functions ?
What is a function that can be computed by a computer program whose loops are all " for " loops ?
What is the number of iterations of every loop ?
What kind of subset of general recursive functions do primitive recursive functions form ?
In computability theory , how is a primitive recursive function defined ?
What is a loop that is " for " ?
An upper bound of the number of iterations of what loop can be determined before entering a loop ?
What theory describes a primitive recursive function ?
What is the importance of primitive recursive functions ?
What is the name of a computable function that is studied in number theory ?
A computable function is what ?
What are studied in number theory ?
Most computable functions that are studied in what ?
The function which returns what prime is called the function which returns what ?
What is a primitive recursive function of ?
What is an example of a primitive recursive function ?
What is bounded above by a primitive recursive function of the input size ?
What is not primitive recursive ?
What is known as PR in computational complexity theory ?
What is the set of primitive recursive functions known as PR ?
What is the common name for Packera antennariifolia ?
What is the shale barren ragwort ?
What is the shale barren ragwort a species of ?
What family is the shale barren ragwort in ?
Where is the shale barren ragwort found ?
What is another name for the shale barren ragwort ?
What was the original type of church ?
What is the Antioch Cemetery ?
What is the Antioch Baptist Church ?
What type of church is the Antioch Baptist Church ?
What is the name of the Antioch Baptist Church ?
What was the Antioch Baptist Church before the Civil War ?
What is the Antioch Baptist Church ?
What is Mount Meigs , Alabama ?
Where is the Antioch Baptist Church located ?
When did the Antioch Baptist Church stop being a biracial church ?
What county is Antioch Baptist Church in ?
What is the only species in ?
What family is Carabidae ?
What is the only species in the genus Dicropterus ?
